# Reviewed selections for the Prime Martyrology pilot.
# See MARTYROLOGY.md before adding dates. Keys name the announced date,
# which is the civil day following the date of Prime.

[01-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 1; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The Circumcision of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Octave of His Nativity.

At Rome, St. Almachius, martyr, who, by the command of Alipius, governor of the city, was killed by the gladiators for saying, "Today is the Octave of our Lord's birth; put an end to the worship of idols, and abstain from unclean sacrifices."

In the same city, on the Appian way, the crowning with martyrdom of thirty holy soldiers, under the emperor Diocletian.

Also at Rome, under the emperor Alexander, St. Martina, virgin, who endured various kinds of torments, and being beheaded, received the palm of martyrdom. Her feast is kept on the 30th of this month.

At Spoleto, in the time of the emperor Antoninus, St. Concordius, priest and martyr, who was beaten with clubs, and then put to the torture. After a long confinement in prison, where he was visited by an angel, he lost his life by the sword.

The same day, St. Magnus, martyr.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the demise of St. Basil, bishop, whose festival is kept on the 14th of June, the date of his consecration as bishop.

In Africa, St. Fulgentius, bishop of Ruspœ, who suffered much from the Arians during the persecution of the Vandals, for holding the Catholic faith and teaching its excellent doctrine. After being banished to Sardinia, he was permitted to return to his diocese, where he ended his life by a holy death, leaving a reputation for sanctity and eloquence.

At Chieti, in Abruzzo, the birthday of St. Justin, bishop of that city, illustrious for holiness of life and miracles.

In the diocese of Lyons, in the monastery of St. Claude, St. Eugendus, abbot, whose life was eminent for virtues and miracles.

At Souvigny, St. Odilo, abbot of Cluny, who was the first to prescribe that the commemoration of all the faithful departed should be made in his monasteries the day after the feast of All Saints. This practice was afterwards received and approved by the universal Church.

At Alexandria, the departure from this world of St. Euphrosyna, virgin, who was renowned in her monastery for the virtue of abstinence, and the gift of miracles.

[01-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 1; complete entry
The Octave of St. John, apostle and evangelist.

At Rome, on the Appian way, the birthday of pope St. Anterus, who suffered under Julius Maximinus, and was buried in the cemetery of Callistus.

The same day, St. Peter, who was crucified at Aulane.

In Hellespont, the holy martyrs Cyrinus, Primus, and Theogenes.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, St. Gordius, centurion, in whose praise is extant a celebrated discourse, delivered by St. Basil the Great on the day of his festival.

In Cilicia, the holy martyrs Zozimus, and the notary Athanasius.

Also, the Saints Theopemptus and Theonas, who suffered a glorious martyrdom in the persecution of Diocletian.

At Padua, St. Daniel, martyr.

At Vienne, in France, St. Florentius, bishop, who was sent into exile and consummated his martyrdom, in the time of the emperor Gallienus.

At Paris, St. Genevieve, virgin, who was consecrated to God by St. Germanus, bishop of Auxerre, and became famous for her admirable virtues and miracles.

[01-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 1-2; complete entry
The Octave of the Holy Innocents.

In Crete, the birthday of St. Titus, who was consecrated bishop of that island by the apostle St. Paul. After having faithfully performed the duty of preaching the Gospel, he reached the end of his blessed life, and was buried in the church of which he had been made a worthy minister by the holy apostle.

At Rome, in the reign of the impious Julian, the holy martyrs Priscus, priest, Priscillian, cleric, and Benedicta, a religious woman, who ended their martyrdom by the sword.

Also, at Rome, under the same emperor, blessed Dafrosa, wife of the martyr St. Flavian. After her husband had been killed, she was first banished, and then beheaded.

At Bologna, the Saints Hermes, Aggœus, and Caius, martyrs, who suffered under the emperor Maximian.

At Adrumetum, in Africa, in the persecution of Severus, the commemoration of St. Mavilus, martyr, who, being condemned by the most cruel president Scapula to be devoured by wild beasts, received the crown of martyrdom.

Also, in Africa, the most renowned martyrs Aquilinus, Geminus, Eugenius, Marcian, Quinctus, Theodotus, and Tryphon.

At Langres, St. Gregory, a bishop renowned for miracles.

At Rheims, in France, St. Rigobertus, bishop and confessor.

[01-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 2; selected notices
At Rome, in the time of Antoninus Pius, St. Telesphorus, pope, who, after many sufferings for the confession of Christ, underwent a glorious martyrdom.

In Egypt, during the persecution of Diocletian, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, who were put to death in Thebais by various kinds of torments.

At Antioch, St. Simeon, monk, who lived many years, standing on a pillar, and was, for that reason, called Stylites. His whole life was an unbroken series of wonders.

In England, St. Edward, king, illustrious by the virtue of chastity and the gift of miracles. His feast, by order of Pope Innocent XI., is celebrated on the 13th of October, when his sacred body was translated.

At Alexandria, St. Syncletica, whose noble deeds have been recorded by St. Athanasius.

At Rome, the holy virgin Emiliana, aunt of pope St. Gregory. Being called to God by her sister Tharsilla, who had preceded her, she departed for heaven on this day.

The same day, St. Apollinaris, virgin.

[01-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 2; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The Epiphany of Our Lord.

In the diocese of Rheims, the martyrdom of St. Macra, virgin, who, in the persecution of Diocletian, was cast into the fire by order of the governor Rictiovarus. As she remained uninjured, she had her breasts cut off, was imprisoned in a foul dungeon, rolled upon broken earthenware and burning coals, and finally she gave up her soul while engaged in prayer.

In Africa, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, who were burned at the stake in the persecution of Severus.

At Rennes, in France, St. Melanius, bishop and confessor, who, after a life remarkable for virtues innumerable, with his thoughts constantly fixed on heaven, gloriously departed from this world.

At Geris, in Egypt, St. Nilammon, anchoret, who, whilst he was carried to a bishopric against his will, gave up his soul to God in prayer.

[01-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 2; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The same day, the birthday of blessed Lucian, a priest of the church of Antioch and martyr, who was distinguished for his learning and eloquence. He suffered at Nicomedia for the confession of Christ, in the persecution of Galerius Maximian, and was buried at Helenopolis, in Bithynia. His praises have been proclaimed by St. John Chrysostom.

At Antioch, St. Clerus, deacon, who, for having professed faith in Christ, was seven times tortured, a long while kept in prison, and at length ended his martyrdom by decapitation.

In the city of Heraclea, the holy martyrs Felix and Januarius.

The same day, St. Julian, martyr.

In Denmark, St. Canute, king and martyr. His feast is celebrated on the 19th of this month.

At Pavia, St. Crispin, bishop and confessor.

In Dacia, St. Nicetas, bishop, who made fierce and barbarous nations humane and meek by preaching the Gospel to them.

In Egypt, St. Theodore, a saintly monk, who flourished in the time of Constantine the Great. He is mentioned by St. Athanasius, in his Life of St. Anthony.

[01-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 2-3; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Beauvais, in France, the holy martyrs Lucian, priest, Maximian and Julian. The last two were killed with the sword by the persecutors; but blessed Lucian, who had come to France with St. Denis, not fearing, after the slaughter of his companions, to confess the name of Christ openly, received the same sentence of death.

Also, St. Eugenian, martyr.

In Lybia, the holy martyrs Theophilus, deacon, and Helladius, who, after being lacerated and cut with sharp pieces of earthenware, were cast into the fire, and rendered their souls to God.

At Hierapolis, in Asia, St. Apollinaris, bishop, who was conspicuous for sanctity and learning, under Marcus Antoninus Verus.

At Naples, in Campania, the birthday of the bishop St. Severin, brother to the blessed martyr Victorinus, who, after working many miracles, went to rest, replenished with virtues and merits.

At Pavia, St. Maximus, bishop and confessor.

At Metz, St. Patiens, bishop.

The same day, among the inhabitants of Noricum (now Austria), the abbot St. Severin, who preached the Gospel in that country, and is called its apostle. By divine power his body was carried to Lucullanum, near Naples, and thence transferred to the monastery of St. Severin.

[01-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 3; complete entry
At Antioch, in the reign of Diocletian and Maximian, the birthday of the Saints Julian, martyr, and Basilissa, his virgin wife. Having lived in a state of virginity with her husband, she reached the end of her days in peace. But after the death by fire of a multitude of priests and ministers of the Church of Christ, who had taken refuge in his house from the severity of the persecution, Julian was ordered by the president Marcian to be tormented in many ways and executed. With him suffered Anthony, a priest, and Anastasius, whom Julian raised from the dead, and made partaker of the grace of Christ; also, Celsus, a boy, with his mother Marcionilla, seven brothers, and many others.

In Mauritania Cæsariensis (now Algeria), St. Marciana, virgin, who consummated her martyrdom by being condemned to the beasts.

At Smyrna, the holy martyrs Vitalis, Revocatus, and Fortunatus.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Epictetus, Jucundus, Secundus, Vitalis, Felix, and seven others.

At Sebaste, in Armenia, St. Peter, bishop, brother of St. Basil the Great.

At Ancona, St. Marcellinus, bishop, who, according to St. Gregory, miraculously delivered that city from destruction by fire.

[01-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 3; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Cyprus, blessed Nicanor, one of the first seven deacons, a man of admirable faith and virtue, who was most gloriously crowned.

At Rome, pope St. Agatho, who terminated a life remarkable for sanctity and learning by a holy death.

At Milan, St. John the Good, bishop and confessor.

In Thebais, the birthday of St. Paul, the first hermit, who lived alone in the desert from the sixteenth to the one hundred and thirteenth year of his age. His soul was seen by St. Anthony carried by angels among the choirs of apostles and prophets. His feast is celebrated on the 15th of this month.

At Constantinople, St. Marcian, priest.

In the monastery of Cusani, the birthday of St. Peter Urseolus (Orsini), confessor, previously Doge of Venice, and afterwards monk of the Order of St. Benedict, renowned for piety and miracles. His festival is kept on the 14th of this month.

[01-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 3; complete entry
At Rome, the birthday of St. Hyginus, pope, who suffered a glorious martyrdom in the persecution of Antoninus.

In Africa, blessed Salvius, martyr, on whose birthday St. Augustine preached to the people of Carthage.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Peter, Severus, and Leucius.

At Fermo, in the Marches, St. Alexander, bishop and martyr.

At Amiens, St. Salvius, bishop and martyr.

At Brindisi, St. Leucius, bishop and confessor.

In Cappadocia, in a village called Magariassum, St. Theodosius, abbot, who, after great sufferings for the Catholic faith, finally rested in peace.

In Thebais, St. Palæmon, abbot, who was the teacher of St. Pachomius.

At Suppentonia, near Mount Soractes, the holy monk Anastasius, and his companions, who were called by a voice from heaven to enter the kingdom of God.

At Pavia, St. Honorata, virgin.

[01-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 3-4; complete entry
At Rome, in the time of the emperor Alexander, St. Tatiana, martyr, who was torn with iron hooks and combs, thrown to the beasts and cast into the fire, but, having received no injury, was beheaded, and thus went to heaven.

In Achaia, St. Satyrus, martyr. As he passed before an idol, and breathed upon it, making the sign of the cross on his forehead, the idol immediately fell to the ground; for this reason he was beheaded.

The same day, St. Arcadius, martyr, illustrious by his noble birth and miracles.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Zoticus, Rogatus, Modestus, Castulus, and forty soldiers gloriously crowned.

At Constantinople, the Saints Tygrius, priest, and Eutropius, lector, who suffered in the time of the emperor Arcadius.

At Tivoli, St. Zoticus, martyr.

At Ephesus, under Constantine Copronymus, the passion of forty-two holy monks, who endured martyrdom after being most cruelly tortured for the defense of sacred images.

At Ravenna, St. John, bishop and confessor.

At Verona, St. Probus, bishop.

In England, St. Benedict, abbot and confessor.

[01-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 4; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Lavican road, the crowning of forty holy soldiers,—a reward they merited by confessing the true faith, under the emperor Gallienus.

In Sardinia, St. Potitus, martyr, who, having suffered much under the emperor Antoninus and the governor Gelasius, was at last put to death by the sword.

At Singidonum (now Belgrade), in Upper Mœsia, of the holy martyrs Hermylus and Stratonicus, who were severely tormented and drowned in the river Danube, under the emperor Licinius.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Gumesindus, priest, and Servideus, monk.

At Poitiers, in France, the birthday of St. Hilary, bishop and confessor of the Catholic faith, which he courageously defended, and for which he was banished four years to Phrygia, where, among other miracles, he raised a man from the dead. Pius IX. declared him Doctor of the Church. His festival is celebrated on the 14th of this month.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, St. Leontius, a bishop, who strongly opposed the Gentiles, under Licinius, and the Arians, under Constantine.

At Treves, St. Agritius, bishop.

In the monastery of Verzy, St. Viventius, confessor.

At Amasea, in Pontus, St. Glaphyra, virgin.

[01-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 4; complete entry
St. PAUL, the first hermit, who was carried to the home of the blessed on the tenth of this month.

In the diocese of Angers, St. Maur, abbot and disciple of St. Benedict. He made great progress with so able a master, for while he was still under the Saint's instruction he miraculously walked upon the water—a prodigy unheard of since the days of St. Peter. Sent later to France by St. Benedict, he built a famous monastery, which he governed for forty years, and after performing striking miracles, he rested in peace.

In Judæa, the holy prophets Habacuc and Michæas, whose bodies were found by divine revelation in the days of Theodosius the Elder.

At Anagni, St. Secundina, virgin and martyr, who suffered under the emperor Decius.

At Cagliari, in Sardinia, St. Ephisius, martyr, who, in the persecution of Diocletian and under the judge Flavian, having, by the assistance of God, overcome many torments, was beheaded and ascended to heaven.

At Nola, in Campania, St. Maximus, bishop.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Bonitus, bishop and confessor.

In Egypt, St. Macarius, abbot, disciple of St. Anthony, very celebrated for his life and miracles.

Also, blessed Isidore, renowned for holiness of life, faith and miracles.

At Rome, St. John Calybita. For some time living unknown to his parents in a corner of their house, and later in a hut on an island in the Tiber, he was recognized by them only at his death. Being renowned for miracles, he was buried where he had died, and a church was subsequently erected in his honor in the same place.

[01-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 4-5; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Salarian way, the birthday of the pope St. Marcellus, a martyr, for the confession of the Catholic faith. By command of the tyrant Mexentius he was first beaten with clubs, then sent to take care of animals, with a guard to watch him. In this servile office, dressed in haircloth, he departed this life.

At Arles, St. Honoratus, bishop and confessor, whose life was renowned for learning and miracles.

At Oderzo, St. Titian, bishop and confessor.

At Rhinocolura, in Egypt, in the reign of the emperor Valens, the holy bishop Melas, who rested in peace after suffering exile and other painful trials for the Catholic faith.

At Fundi, in Campania, St. Honoratus, abbot, mentioned by pope St. Gregory.

In the monastery of Peronne, St. Fursey, confessor.

At Rome, St. Priscilla, who devoted herself and her goods to the service of the martyrs.

[01-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 5; complete entry
In Thebais, St. Anthony, abbot and spiritual guide of many monks. He was most celebrated for his life and miracles, of which St. Athanasius has written a detailed account. His sacred body was found by divine revelation, during the reign of the emperor Justinian, and brought to Alexandria, where it was buried in the church of St. John the Baptist.

At Langres, in the time of Marcus Aurelius, the saints Speusippus, Eleusippus, and Meleusippus, born at one birth, who were crowned with martyrdom, together with their grandmother Leonilla.

At Rome, the finding of the holy martyrs Diodorus, priest, Marian, deacon, and their companions. Whilst they were commemorating the birthdays of the martyrs in a sand-pit, the entrance was closed by the persecutors, and the vault over them broken down, and they thus obtained the palm of martyrdom in the reign of pope St. Stephen.

At Bourges, the demise of St. Sulpicius, surnamed Pius, whose life and precious death are adorned with glorious miracles.

At Rome, in the monastery of St. Andrew, the blessed monks Anthony, Merulus, and John, of whom pope St. Gregory speaks in his writings.

[01-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 5; complete entry
The Chair of the apostle St. Peter. This festival was instituted to commemorate the establishment of the Holy See at Rome.

In the same place, under the emperor Claudius, the passion of St. Prisca, virgin ond martyr, who, after undergoing many torments, was crowned with martyrdom.

In Pontus, the birthday of the holy martyrs Moseus and Ammonius, soldiers, who were first condemned to work in the metal mines, and then cast into the fire.

In the same country, St. Athenogenes, an aged divine, who, on the point of enduring martyrdom by fire, joyfully sang a hymn, which he left in writing to his disciples.

At Tours, in France, St. Volusian, bishop, who was made captive by the Goths, and in exile gave up his soul to God.

In the same place, St. Leobardus, anchoret, a man of wonderful abstinence and humility.

In Brittany, St. Deicola, abbot, disciple of St. Columban.

At Como, St. Liberata, virgin.

[01-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 5; complete entry
At Rome, on the Cornelian road, the holy martyrs Marius and his wife Martha, with their sons Audifax and Abachum, noble Persians, who came to Rome, through devotion, in the time of the Emperor Claudius. After they had been beaten with rods, tortured on the rack and with fire, lacerated with iron hooks, and had endured the cutting off of their hands, Martha was put to death in the place called Nympha. The others were beheaded and cast into the flames.

Also, St. Canute, king and martyr, whose birthday is the 7th of this month.

At Smyrna, under Marcus Antoninus and Lucius Aurelius, the birthday of blessed Germanicus, martyr, who, in the bloom of youth, being strengthened by the grace of God, and freed from all fear, provoked the beast which, by order of the judge, was to devour him. Being ground by its teeth, he deserved to be incorporated into the true bread of life, Christ Jesus, for whom he died.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Paul, Gerontius, Januarius, Saturninus, Successus, Julius, Catus, Pia, and Germana.

At Spoleto, in the days of the emperor Antoninus, the passion of St. Pontian, martyr, who was barbarously scourged for Christ by the command of the judge Fabian, and then compelled to walk barefoot on burning coals. As he was uninjured by the fire, he was put on the rack, was torn with iron hooks, and then thrown into a dungeon, where he was comforted by the visit of an angel. He was afterwards exposed to the lions, had melted lead poured over him and finally died by the sword.

At Lodi, St. Bassian, bishop and confessor, who, in conjunction with St. Ambrose, courageously combated the heretics.

At Worcester, in England, St. Wulstan, bishop and confessor, conspicuous for merits and miracles. He was ranked among the Saints by Innocent III.

[01-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 5-6; complete entry
At Rome, the birthday of St. Fabian, pope, who suffered martyrdom in the time of Decius, and was buried in the cemetery of Callistus.

In the same place, in the catacombs, the martyr St. Sebastian. He was commander of the first cohort, under the emperor Diocletian, but for professing Christianity he was bound to a tree in the centre of a vast field, shot with arrows by the soldiers, and beaten with clubs until he expired.

At Nicæa, in Bithynia, St. Neophytus, martyr, who, in the fifteenth year of his age, was scourged, cast into a furnace, and exposed to wild beasts; as he remained uninjured, and constantly confessed the faith of Christ, he was at last killed with the sword.

At Cesena, St. Maurus, bishop, renowned for virtues and miracles.

In Palestine, in the time of the emperor Marcian, the birthday of St. Euthymius, abbot, who adorned the Church by his zeal for Catholic discipline, and the gift of miracles.

[01-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 6; complete entry
At Rome, the passion of St. Agnes, virgin, who under Symphronius, governor of the city, was thrown into the fire, but as it was extinguished by her prayers, she was struck with the sword. Of her, St. Jerome writes: "Agnes is praised in the writings and by the tongues of all nations, especially in the churches. She overcame the weakness of her age, conquered the cruelty of the tyrant, and consecrated her chastity by martyrdom."

At Athens, the birthday of St. Publius, bishop, who, as successor of St. Denis the Areopagite, nobly governed the Church of Athens. No less celebrated for the lustre of his virtues than for the brilliancy of his learning, he was gloriously crowned for having borne testimony to Christ.

At Tarragona, in Spain, during the reign of Gallienus, the holy martyrs Fructuosus, bishop, Augurius and Eulogius, deacons, who, after being thrown into prison, were cast into the fire, where their bonds being burnt, they extended their arms in the form of a cross, and consummated their martyrdom in prayer. On their anniversary, St. Augustine preached a sermon to his people.

At Troyes, St. Patroclus, martyr, who won the crown of martyrdom under the emperor Aurelian.

In the monastery of Reichenau, St. Meinrad, hermit, who was killed by brigands.

At Pavia, St. Epiphanius, bishop and confessor.

[01-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 6; complete entry
At Valencia, in Spain, while the wicked Dacian was governor, St. Vincent, deacon and martyr, who, after suffering imprisonment, hunger, the torture, the disjointing of his limbs; after being burned with plates of heated metal and on the gridiron, and tormented in other ways, took his flight to heaven, there to receive the reward of martyrdom. His noble triumph over his sufferings has been elegantly set forth in verse by Prudentius, and highly eulogized by St. Augustine and pope St. Leo.

At Rome, at Aquæ Salviæ, St. Anastasius, a Persian monk, who, after suffering much at Cæsarea, in Palestine, from imprisonment, stripes and fetters, had to bear many afflictions from Chosroes, king of Persia, who caused him to be beheaded. He had sent before him to martyrdom seventy of his companions, who were precipitated into rivers. His head was brought to Rome, together with his venerable likeness, by the sight of which the demons are expelled, and diseases cured, as is attested by the Acts of the second council of Nicæa.

At Embrun, in France, the holy martyrs Vincent, Orontius, and Victor, who were crowned with martyrdom in the persecution of Diocletian.

At Novara, St. Gaudentius, bishop and confessor.

At Sora, the abbot St. Dominic, renowned for miracles.

[01-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 6; complete entry
At Barcelona, St. Raymond of Pennafort. His birthday is the 7th of January.

At Rome, the holy virgin and martyr Emerentiana. Being yet only a catechumen, she was stoned to death by the Gentiles, whilst praying at the tomb of St. Agnes, her foster-sister.

At Philippi, in Macedonia, St. Parmenas, one of the first seven deacons, who by the grace of God faithfully discharging the office of preaching committed to him, obtained the glory of martyrdom in the time of Trajan.

At Cæsarea, in Mauritania (Morocco), the holy martyrs Severian and his wife Aquila, who were consumed by fire.

At Antinous, a city of Egypt, St. Asclas, martyr, who, after various torments, was thrown into a river and gave up his precious soul to God.

At Ancyra, in Galatia, St. Clement, bishop. After having frequently endured torments, he finally completed his martyrdom under Diocletian.

In the same place, St. Agathangelus, who suffered on the same day, under the governor Lucius.

At Alexandria, St. John the Almoner, bishop of that city, most celebrated for his charity towards the poor.

At Toledo, St. Ildefonsus, bishop, who, on account of his great purity of life, and his defense of the virginity of the Mother of God against the heretics who impugned it, received from her a brilliant white vestment, and being renowned for sanctity, was called to heaven.

In the Province of Valeria, St. Martyrius, monk, mentioned by pope St. Gregory.

[01-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 6-7; complete entry
The birthday of St. Timothy, disciple of the apostle St. Paul, who ordained him bishop of Ephesus. After many combats for Christ, he was stoned for reprehending those who offered sacrifices to Diana, and shortly after went peacefully to his rest in the Lord.

At Antioch, in the persecution of Decius, the bishop St. Babylas, who frequently glorified God by his sufferings and torments, and ended his holy life in chains, with which he ordered his body to be buried. Three boys whom he had instructed in the faith of Christ, Urbanus, Philidian, Epolonius, are said to have suffered with him.

At Neocæsarea, the holy martyrs Mardonius, Musonius, Eugenius, and Metellus, who were burned to death, their remains being thrown into the river.

At Foligno, in the time of Decius, St. Felician, consecrated bishop of that city by pope Victor. After many labors, he was crowned with martyrdom in extreme old age.

Also, the holy martyrs Thyrsus and Projectus.

At Bologna, St. Zamas, the first bishop of that city, who was consecrated by pope St. Denis, and there wonderfully propagated the Christian faith.

Also, blessed Suranus, abbot, who lived in the time of the Lombards.

[01-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 7; complete entry
The conversion of St. Paul the Apostle, which happened the second year after the Ascension of our Lord.

At Damascus, the birthday of St. Ananias, who baptized that apostle. After he had preached the Gospel at Damascus, Eleutheropolis, and elsewhere, he was scourged under the judge Licinius, had his flesh torn, and lastly being overwhelmed with stones, ended his martyrdom.

At Antioch, in the time of Julian the Apostate, the holy martyrs Juventinus and Maximus, who were crowned with martyrdom. On their birthday, St. John Chrysostom preached a sermon to his people.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, the Saints Projectus, bishop, and Marinus, a man of God, who were murdered by the leading men of that city.

Also, the holy martyrs Donatus, Sabinus, and Agape.

At Tomis, in Scythia, St. Bretannion, bishop, who by his great sanctity, and his zeal for the Catholic faith, shone in the Church, under the Arian emperor Valens, whom he opposed with fortitude.

At Arras, in France, St. Poppo, abbot, renowned for miracles.

[01-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 7; complete entry
At Smyrna, the birthday of St. Polycarp, a disciple of the Apostle St. John, who consecrated him bishop of that city and Primate of all Asia. Afterwards, under Marcus Antoninus and Lucius Aurelius Commodus, whilst the proconsul was sitting in judgment, and all the people in the amphitheatre were clamoring against him, he was condemned to the flames. But as he received no injury from them, he was transpierced with a sword, and thus received the crown of martyrdom. With him suffered in the same city twelve others from Philadelphia.

At Hippo Regius, in Africa, the holy bishop Theogenes and thirty-six others, who, despising temporal death, obtained the crown of eternal life in the persecution of Valerian.

At Bethlehem of Juda, the demise of St. Paula, widow, mother of St. Eustochium, virgin of Christ, who abandoned her worldly prospects, though she was descended from a noble line of senators, distributed her goods to the poor, and retired to the manger of our Lord, where, adorned with many virtues, and crowned with a long martyrdom, she departed for the kingdom of heaven. Her admirable life was written by St. Jerome.

In the diocese of Paris, the saintly queen Bathildis, illustrious by her sanctity and glorious miracles.

[01-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 7; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Constantinople, St. John, bishop, who was surnamed Chrysostom, on account of his golden flow of eloquence. He greatly promoted the interests of the Christian religion by his preaching and exemplary life, and after many toils, closed his life in banishment. His sacred body was brought to Constantinople on this day, in the reign of Theodosius the younger; it was afterwards taken to Rome and placed in the basilica of the Prince of the Apostles.

At Sora, St. Julian, martyr, who, being arrested in the persecution of Antoninus, was beheaded, because a pagan temple had fallen to the ground whilst he was tortured. Thus did he win the crown of martyrdom.

In Africa, St. Avitus, martyr.

In the same country, the holy martyrs, Datius, Reatrus, and their companions, who suffered in the persecution of the Vandals.

Also, the holy martyrs Dativus, Julian, Vincent, and twenty-seven others.

At Rome, St. Vitalian, pope.

At Le Mans, the demise of St. Julian, the first bishop of that city, who was sent thither by St. Peter to preach the Gospel.

In the monastery of Bobacum, St. Maur, abbot.

[01-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 8; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Nomentan road, the birthday of the holy martyrs Papius and Maurus, soldiers under the emperor Diocletian. At their first confession of Christ their mouths were bruised with stones and they were thrown into prison by order of Laodicius, prefect of the city. Afterwards they were beaten with rods and with leaded whips until they expired.

At Perugia, in the time of Marcus Aurelius, St. Constantius, bishop and martyr, who together with his companions, received the crown of martyrdom for the defense of the faith.

At Edessa, in Syria, the holy martyrs Sarbelius and his sister Barbea, who were baptized by the blessed bishop Barsimæus, and crowned with martyrdom in the persecution of Trajan, under the governor Lysias.

In the territory of Troyes, St. Sabinian, martyr, who was beheaded for the faith of Christ by the command of the emperor Aurelian.

At Milan, St. Aquilinus, priest, who was crowned with martyrdom by having his throat pierced with a sword by the Arians.

At Treves, the demise of the blessed bishop Valerius, disciple of the apostle St. Peter.

At Bourges, St. Sulpicius Severus, bishop, distinguished by his virtues and erudition.

[01-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 8; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Martina, virgin and martyr, who is commemorated on the first day of this month.

At Antioch, the passion of the blessed priest Hippolytus, who, for a short time deceived by the Novatian schismatics, was converted by the grace of Christ and returned to the unity of the Church, for which and in which he afterwards underwent a glorious martyrdom. Being asked by the schismatics which was the better side, he repudiated the doctrine of Novatus, and affirming that the faith ought to be professed which the Chair of Peter taught, he presented his neck to the executioners.

In Africa, the passion of the holy martyrs Felician, Philappian, and one hundred and twenty-four others.

At Edessa, in Syria, in the reign of Trajan, St. Barsimæus, bishop, who converted many Gentiles to the faith, sent them before him to be crowned, and followed them with the palm of martyrdom.

In the same place, St. Barsen, bishop, renowned for the gift of curing diseases. For the Catholic faith, he was banished by the Arian emperor Valens into the remotest parts of that country, and there ended his days.

Also, blessed Alexander, a man of venerable aspect and advanced age, who was apprehended in the persecution of Decius and after gloriously and repeatedly confessing the faith, gave up his soul to God in the midst of torments.

At Jerusalem, the birthday of St. Matthias, bishop, of whom are related wonders and actions inspired by faith. After having endured many trials for Christ under Adrian, he passed away in peace.

At Rome, pope St. Felix, who labored much for the Catholic faith.

At Pavia, St. Armentarius, bishop and confessor.

In the monastery of Maubeuge, in Hainaut, St. Aldegundes, a virgin, who lived in the time of king Dagobert.

At Milan, St. Savina, a most religious woman, who went to rest in the Lord whilst praying at the tomb of the holy martyrs Nabor and Felix.

[01-31]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 8-9; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Barcelona, in Spain, St. Peter Nolasco, confessor, who slept in the Lord on the 25th of December.

At Rome, on the road to Ostia, the holy martyrs Cyrus and John, who were beheaded after suffering many torments for the name of Christ.

At Alexandria, in the time of the emperor Decius, the birthday of St. Metran, martyr, who, because he refused to utter blasphemous words at the bidding of the Pagans, was scourged until he was covered with bruises, and pierced through the face and eyes with sharp-pointed reeds. He was then driven out of the city, overwhelmed with stones and killed.

In the same place, the holy martyrs Saturninus, Thyrsus and Victor.

In the same city, the holy martyrs Tharsicius, Zoticus, Cyriacus, and their companions.

At Cyzicum, in Hellespont, St. Triphenes, martyr, who overcame various torments, but was finally killed by a bull, and thus merited the palm of martyrdom.

At Modena, St. Geminian, bishop, made illustrious by his miracles.

In the province of Milan, St. Julius, priest and confessor, in the reign of the emperor Theodosius.

At Rome, St. Marcella, a widow, whose meritorious deeds are related by St. Jerome.

The same day, the translation of the evangelist St. Mark, when his sacred body was brought from the city of Alexandria, in Egypt, then occupied by barbarians, to Venice, and with the greatest honors placed in the large church dedicated to his name.

[02-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 9; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of St. Ignatius, bishop and martyr, who governed the church of Antioch, the third after the apostle St. Peter. Being condemned to the beasts in the persecution of Trajan, he was by that emperor sent to Rome in chains, where in the presence of the Senate he was subjected to the most frightful torments, and delivered to the lions, which lacerated him with their teeth, and made of him a sacrifice to Christ.

At Smyrna, St. Pionius, priest and martyr. After writing in defense of the Catholic faith, after suffering imprisonment in a loathsome dungeon, where by his exhortations he encouraged even to martyrdom many of his brethren, after enduring excruciating pains from being pierced with nails and laid on a hot fire, he ended his life happily for Christ. With him suffered fifteen others.

At Ravenna, the holy bishop Severus, whose great virtues deserved that he should be raised to the episcopate by the sign of a dove.

At Trois-Chateaux, in France, St. Paul, bishop, whose life was eminent for virtues, and whose death was made precious by miracles.

The same day, St. Ephrem, deacon of the church of Edessa, in the time of the emperor Valens. After suffering many trials for the faith of Christ and gaining great renown for holiness and learning, he went to rest in the Lord.

In Ireland, St. Bridget, virgin. One day, at her touch, the wood of an altar immediately sprouted into life, in testimony of her virginity.

[02-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 9; complete entry
The Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary, called by the Greeks Hypapante (meeting) of the Lord.

At Rome, on the Salarian road, the passion of St. Apronian, a notary. Whilst he was yet a Gentile, and was leading St. Sisinius out of prison, to present him before the governor Laodicius, he heard a voice from heaven saying, "Come ye, the blessed of my Father, possess the kingdom prepared for you from the beginning of the world." At once he believed, was baptized, and after confessing our Lord, received sentence of death.

Also, at Rome, the holy martyrs Fortunatus, Felician, Firmus and Candidus.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, St. Cornelius, a centurion, whom the blessed apostle Peter baptized, and raised to the episcopal dignity in that city.

At Orleans, the holy bishop Flosculus.

At Canterbury, in England, the birthday of St. Lawrence, bishop, who succeeded St. Augustine in the government of that church, and converted the king himself to the faith.

[02-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 9-10; complete entry
At Sebaste, in Armenia, in the time of the governor Agricolaus, the passion of St. Blasius, bishop and martyr, who after working many miracles, was scourged a long time, and suspended on a tree where he was lacerated with iron combs. He was then imprisoned in a dark dungeon, thrown into a lake from which he came out safe, and finally, by order of the same judge, he and two boys were beheaded. Before him, seven women who were gathering the drops of his blood during his torture, were recognized as Christians, and after undergoing severe torments, were put to death by the sword.

In Africa, St. Celerinus, deacon, who was kept nineteen days in prison loaded with fetters, and confessed Christ gloriously in the midst of afflictions. By overcoming the enemy with invincible constancy, he showed to others the road to victory.

Also, the holy martyrs, Laurentinus, and Ignatius, his uncles, and Celerina, his grandmother, who had been previously crowned with martyrdom. They are highly praised in an epistle of St. Cyprian.

In the same country, the holy martyrs Felix, Symphronius, Hippolytus and their companions.

In the town of Gap, the holy bishops Tigides and Remedius.

At Lyons, the Saints Lupicinus and Felix, also bishops.

The same day, St. Anscharius, bishop of Bremen, who converted the Swedes and the Danes to the faith of Christ.

[02-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 10; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Eutychius, who endured a glorious martyrdom, and was buried in the cemetery of Callistus. Pope St. Damasus wrote an epitaph in verse for his tomb.

At Fossombrone, the holy martyrs Aquilinus, Geminus, Gelasius, Magnus and Donatus.

At Thmuis, in Egypt, in the persecution of Diocletian, the passion of blessed Philæas, bishop of that city, and of Philoromus, military tribune, who rejected the exhortations of their relations and friends to save themselves, offered themselves to death, and so merited immortal palms from God. With them was crowned with martyrdom a numberless multitude of the faithful of the same place, who followed the example of their pastor.

The same day, St. Rembert, bishop of Bremen.

At Troyes, St. Aventin, confessor.

At Pelusium, in Egypt, St. Isidore, a monk renowned for merit and learning.

The same day, St. Gilbert, confessor.

[02-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 10; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Catania, in Sicily, in the time of the emperor Decius and the judge Quinctian, the birthday of St. Agatha, virgin and martyr. After being buffeted, imprisoned, tortured, racked, dragged over pieces of earthenware and burning coals, and having her breasts cut off, she consummated her sacrifice in prison while engaged in prayer.

In Pontus, during the persecution of Maximian, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, some of whom had molten lead poured over them, others had sharp-pointed reeds thrust under their nails, and were oftentimes horribly tormented in many other ways. Thus, by their glorious passion, they deserved at the hands of God palms of victory and unfading crowns.

At Alexandria, during the persecution of Decius, St. Isidore, martyr, who was beheaded for the faith of Christ by Numerian, general of the army.

At Vienne, blessed Avitus, bishop and confessor, whose faith, labors and admirable learning protected France against the ravages of the Arian heresy.

At Brixen, the holy bishops Genuinus and Albinus, whose lives were illustrious for miracles.

[02-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 10; selected notices
At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the birthday of St. Dorothy, virgin and martyr, who was stretched on the rack, then a long time scourged with boughs of the palm-tree, and finally condemned to capital punishment, under Sapricius, governor of that province. Her noble confession of Christ converted a lawyer named Theophilus, who was also tortured in a barbarous manner, and finally put to death by the sword.

The same day, the holy martyrs Saturninus, Theophilus, and Revocata.

At Emesa, in Phœnicia, in the time of the emperor Maximian, St. Silvanus, bishop, who, after having governed that church forty years, was delivered to the beasts with two other Christians, and having his limbs all mangled, received the palm of martyrdom.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Antholian, martyr.

The same day, the holy bishops Vedastus and Amandus, who were illustrious by many miracles, both in life and death. The former governed the church of Arras, the latter that of Mæstricht.

At Bologna, St. Guarinus, bishop of Palestrina and Cardinal, renowned for holiness of life.

[02-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 11; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, the holy martyrs Paul, Lucius, and Cyriacus.

In the Lesser Armenia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Denis, Æmilian and Sebastian.

At Alexandria, under the emperor Decius, the martyr St. Cointha, whom the Pagans seized, led to the idols and urged to adore them. As she refused with horror, they put her feet in chains, and dragged her through the streets of the city, mangling her body in a barbarous manner.

At Constantinople, the birthday of the holy martyrs, monks of the monastery of Dius, who, bringing the letter of pope St. Felix against Acacius, were barbarously killed for their defence of the Catholic faith.

In Persia, in the time of king Cabades, the commemoration of the holy martyrs, who were put to death by various kinds of torments on account of their faith in Christ.

At Pavia, the bishop St. Juventius, who strenuously labored in preaching the Gospel.

At Milan, the demise of St. Honoratus, bishop and confessor.

At Verdun, in France, St. Paul, a bishop renowned for miracles.

At Muret, near Limoges, the birthday of the abbot St. Stephen, founder of the Order of Grandmont, celebrated for his virtues and miracles.

In the monastery of Vallumbrosa, blessed Peter, cardinal and bishop of Albano, of the Congregation of Vallumbrosa, of the Order of St. Benedict, surnamed Igneus, because he passed through fire uninjured.

[02-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 11; complete entry
At Alexandria, St. Cyril, bishop and doctor of the church. He is mentioned on the 28th of January.

In the same city, in the reign of Decius, the birthday of St. Apollonia, virgin, who had all her teeth plucked out by the persecutors; then having constructed and lighted a pyre, they threatened to burn her alive, unless she repeated certain impious words after them. Deliberating awhile with herself, she suddenly slipped from their grasp, and feeling an inspiration of the Holy Ghost, rushed voluntarily into the fire which they had prepared. The very authors of her death were struck with terror at the sight of a woman who was more willing to die than they to condemn her.

At Rome, the passion of the holy martyrs Alexander, and thirty-eight others crowned with him.

At Solum, in Cyprus, the holy martyrs Ammonius and Alexander.

At Antioch, under the emperor Valerian, St. Nicephorus, martyr, who was beheaded and thus received the crown of martyrdom.

In Africa, in a village called Lemelis, the holy martyrs Primus and Donatus, deacons, who were killed by the Donatists for defending an altar in the church.

In the monastery of St. Vandrille, St. Ansbert, bishop of Rouen.

At Canossa, in Apulia, of St. Sabinus, bishop and confessor.

[02-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 11; complete entry
On Mount Cassino, St. Scholastica, a virgin, whose soul her brother, St. Benedict, the abbot, saw leaving her body in the form of a dove, and ascending to heaven.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Zoticus, Irenæus, Hyacinthus, and Amantius.

In the same place, on the Lavican road, ten holy soldiers, martyrs.

Also at Rome, on the Appian way, St. Soteres, virgin and martyr, who was descended of a noble race, as St. Ambrose testifies, but for the love of Christ set at naught the consular and other dignities of her family. On her refusal to sacrifice to the gods, she was for a long time cruelly buffeted. After she had overcome various other torments, she was struck with the sword, and joyfully went to her heavenly spouse.

In Campania, St. Silvanus, bishop and confessor.

At Maleval, in the diocese of Siena, St. William, a hermit.

In the diocese of Rouen, St. Austreberta, a virgin renowned for miracles.

[02-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 11-12; selected notices
In Africa, during the persecution of Diocletian, the birthday of the holy martyrs Saturninus, a priest, Dativus, Felix, Ampelius, and their companions. They had, as was their custom, assembled for Mass, when they were seized by the soldiers and put to death, under the proconsul Anolinus.

In Numidia, in the same persecution, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, who, refusing after their apprehension to deliver the holy Scriptures, conformably to the imperial edict, were given over to most painful torments and slain.

At Adrianople, the holy martyrs Lucius, bishop, and his companions. Lucius suffered much from the Arians under Constantius, and terminated his martyrdom in prison. The others, who were among the principal citizens, refusing to communicate with the Arians, just then anathematized in the Council of Sardica, were condemned to capital punishment by Count Philagrius.

At Lyons, St. Desiderius, bishop of Vienne, and martyr.

At Ravenna, St. Calocerus, bishop and confessor.

At Milan, St. Lazarus, bishop.

At Capua, St. Castrensis, bishop.

At Chateau-Landon, St. Severin, abbot of the monastery of Agaunum, by whose prayers the Christian king Clovis was delivered from a long sickness.

In Egypt, St. Jonas, a monk, eminent for virtues.

[02-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 12; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Barcelona, in Spain, in the time of the emperor Diocletian, St. Eulalia, virgin, who, being racked, torn with iron hooks, cast into the fire, and crucified, received the glorious crown of martyrdom.

In Africa, St. Damian, soldier and martyr.

At Carthage, the holy martyrs Modestus and Julian.

At Benevento, St. Modestus, deacon and martyr.

At Alexandria, the holy children Modestus and Ammonius.

At Antioch, St. Meletius, a bishop, who often suffered exile for the Catholic faith, and finally died at Constantinople and went to his reward. His virtues have been highly extolled by St. John Chrysostom and St. Gregory of Nyssa.

At Constantinople, St. Anthony, a bishop in the time of the emperor Leo VI.

At Verona, St. Gaudentius, bishop and confessor.

[02-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 12; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Antioch, the holy prophet Agabus, of whom mention is made by St. Luke, in the Acts of the Apostles.

At Ravenna, in the time of the emperor Decius, and the governor Quinctian, the Saints Fusca, virgin, and her nurse, Maura, who endured many afflictions, were transpierced with a sword, and thus ended their martyrdom.

At Meletine, in Armenia, in the persecution of the same Decius, St. Polyeuctus, martyr, who, after many sufferings, obtained the crown of martyrdom.

At Lyons, St. Julian, martyr.

At Todi, St. Benignus, martyr.

At Rome, pope St. Gregory II., who strenuously opposed the impiety of Leo the Isaurian, and sent St. Boniface to preach the Gospel in Germany.

At Angers, the demise of the holy bishop Lucinius, a man venerable for his sanctity.

At Lyons, St. Stephen, bishop and confessor.

At Rieti, the abbot St. Stephen, a man of wonderful patience, at whose death, as is related by the blessed pope Gregory, the holy angels were present and visible to all.

[02-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 12; complete entry
At Rome, on the Flaminian road, in the time of the emperor Claudius, the birthday of blessed Valentine, priest and martyr, who after having cured and instructed many persons, was beaten with clubs and beheaded.

Also, at Rome, the holy martyrs Vitalis, Felicula, and Zeno.

At Teramo, St. Valentine, bishop and martyr, who was scourged, committed to prison, and as he remained unshaken in his faith, was taken out of his dungeon in the dead of night and beheaded by order of Placidus, prefect of the city.

In the same place, the holy martyrs Proculus, Ephebus and Apollonius, who, whilst watching by the body of St. Valentine, were arrested and put to the sword by the command of the exconsul Leontius.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Bassus, Anthony, and Protolicus, who were cast into the sea.

Also, the holy martyrs Cyrion, priest, Bassian, lector, Agatho, exorcist, and Moses, who perished in the flames and took their flight to heaven.

In the same city, the Saints Denis and Ammonius, who were beheaded.

At Ravenna, St. Eleuchadius, bishop and confessor.

In Bithynia, the abbot St. Auxentius.

At Sorrento, St. Anthony, abbot, who, when the monastery of Monte Cassino was devastated by the Lombards, withdrew into a solitude of the neighborhood, where, celebrated for holiness, he passed calmly to his repose in God. His body is daily glorified by many miracles, and particularly by the deliverance of possessed persons.

[02-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 12-13; complete entry
At Brescia, in the time of the emperor Adrian, the birthday of the holy martyrs Faustinus and Jovita, who received the triumphant crown of martyrdom after many glorious combats for the faith of Christ.

At Rome, St. Craton, martyr. A short time after being baptized with his wife and all his household by the holy bishop Valentine, he was put to death with them.

At Teramo, St. Agape, virgin and martyr.

Also, the birthday of the holy martyrs Saturninus, Castulus, Magnus, and Lucius.

At Vaison, in France, St. Quinidius, bishop, whose death was precious in the sight of God, as is shown by frequent miracles.

At Capua, St. Decorosus, bishop and confessor.

In the province of Valeria, St. Severus, a priest, of whom St. Gregory says, that by his tears he recalled a dead man to life.

At Antioch, St. Joseph, deacon.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Georgia, virgin.

[02-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 13; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of blessed Onesimus, concerning whom the apostle St. Paul wrote to Philemon. He made him bishop of Ephesus after St. Timothy, and committed to him the office of preaching. Being led a prisoner to Rome, and stoned to death for the faith of Christ, he was buried in that city; but his body was afterwards carried to the place where he had been bishop.

At Cumæ, in Campania, the Translation of St. Juliana, virgin and martyr. Under the emperor Maximian, she was first severely scourged by her own father, Africanus, then made to suffer many torments by the prefect, Evilasius, whom she had refused to marry. Later being thrown into prison, she encountered the evil spirit in a visible manner. Finally, as a fiery furnace and a caldron of boiling oil could do her no injury, she terminated her martyrdom by decapitation.

In Egypt, St. Julian, martyr, with five thousand other Christians.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the holy martyrs Elias, Jeremias, Isaias, Samuel, and Daniel, Egyptians, who of their own accord served the confessors of Christ condemned to labor in the mines of Cilicia, but were arrested on their return, and after being cruelly tortured by the governor Firmilian, under the emperor Galerius Maximian, were put to the sword.

After them, St. Porphyry, servant of the martyr Pamphilus, and St. Seleucus, a Cappadocian, who had been victorious in several combats, being again exposed to torments, won the crown of martyrdom, the one by fire, the other by the sword.

At Brescia, St. Faustinus, bishop and confessor.

[02-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 13; complete entry
At Rome, the passion of St. Faustinus, whom forty-four others followed to receive the crown of martyrdom.

In Persia, during the persecution of Decius, the birthday of blessed Polychronius, bishop of Babylon, who, being struck in the mouth with stones, stretched out his hands, lifted up his eyes to heaven, and expired.

At Concordia, the holy martyrs Donatus, Secundian, and Romulus, with eighty-six others, partakers of the same crown.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, St. Theodulus, an aged man, in the service of the governor Firmilian. Moved by the example of the martyrs, he confessed Christ with constancy, was fastened to a cross, and thus by a noble victory merited the palm of martyrdom.

In the same place, St. Julian, a Cappadocian, who, because he had kissed the relics of the martyrs, was denounced as a Christian, and led to the governor, who had him consumed with a slow fire.

In the territory of Térouanne, St. Silvinus, bishop of Toulouse.

In Ireland, St. Fintan, priest and confessor.

At Florence, blessed Alexius Falconieri, confessor, one of the seven Founders of the Order of the Servites of the blessed Virgin Mary, who, in the one hundred and tenth year of his age, terminated his blessed career in the consoling presence of Jesus Christ and the angels.

[02-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 13-14; complete entry
At Jerusalem, the birthday of St. Simeon, bishop and martyr, who is said to have been the son of Cleophas, and a relative of the Saviour according to the flesh. He was consecrated bishop of Jerusalem after St. James, the brother of our Lord, and in the persecution of Trajan, after having endured many torments, he consummated his martyrdom. All who were present, even the judge himself, were astonished that a man one hundred and twenty years of age could bear the torment of crucifixion with such fortitude and constancy.

At Ostia, the holy martyrs Maximus and his brother Claudius, and Præpedigna, the wife of Claudius, with her two sons Alexander and Cutias, all of an illustrious family. By the order of Diocletian, they were apprehended and sent into exile. Afterwards being burned alive, they offered to God the sweet-smelling sacrifice of martyrdom. Their remains were cast into the river, but the Christians found them and buried them near that city.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Lucius, Sylvanus, Rutulus, Classicus, Secundinus, Fructulus, and Maximus.

At Constantinople, the holy bishop Flavian, who for having defended the Catholic faith at Ephesus, was buffeted and kicked by the partisans of the impious Dioscorus, and being banished, ended his life within three days.

At Toledo, St. Helladius, bishop and confessor.

[02-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 14; complete entry
At Rome, the birthday of St. Gabinus, priest and martyr, brother of the blessed pope Caius. Being loaded with chains and kept a long time in prison by Diocletian, he obtained the joys of heaven by a precious death.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Publius, Julian, Marcellus, and others.

In Palestine, the commemoration of the holy monks and other martyrs, who were barbarously massacred for the faith of Christ by the Saracens, under their leader Almondhar.

At Jerusalem, St. Zambdas, bishop.

At Soli, St. Auxibius, bishop.

At Benevento, St. Barbatus, a bishop illustrious for sanctity, who converted the Lombards and their chief to the faith of Christ.

At Milan, St. Mansuetus, bishop and confessor.

[02-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 14; complete entry
At Tyre, in Phœnicia, the commemoration of many blessed martyrs, whose number is known to God alone. Under the emperor Diocletian, they were put to death after a long and varied series of torments by the military commander Veturius. They were first lacerated with whips, and then delivered to several kinds of beasts. But, through the interposition of Providence, remaining unhurt, they consummated their martyrdom by the torment of fire and by the sword. This glorious multitude were incited to victory by the bishops Tyrannio, Silvanus, Peleus, and Nilus, and the priest Zenobius, who, together with them, won the palm of martyrdom by a successful combat.

In the island of Cyprus, the holy martyrs Pothamius and Nemesius.

At Constantinople, St. Eleutherius, bishop and martyr.

In Persia, in the time of king Sapor, the birthday of St. Sadoth, bishop, and one hundred and twenty-eight others, who refused to adore the sun, and by a cruel death purchased for themselves bright crowns.

At Catania, in Sicily, St. Leo, bishop, illustrious for virtues and miracles.

The same day, St. Eucherius, bishop of Orleans, whose miracles increased in proportion to the slanders of the envious.

At Tournai, in Belgium, St. Eleutherius, bishop and confessor.

[02-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 14; complete entry
In Sicily, in the reign of Diocletian, the birthday of seventy-nine holy martyrs, who deserved by various torments to receive an immortal crown for the confession of their faith.

At Adrumetum, in Africa, during the persecution of the Vandals, the holy martyrs Verulus, Secundinus, Syricius, Felix, Servulus, Saturninus, Fortunatus, and sixteen others, who were crowned with martyrdom for the confession of the Catholic faith.

At Scythopolis, in Palestine, St. Severian, bishop and martyr.

At Damascus, St. Peter Mavimenus, who was killed by some Arabs who visited him in his sickness, because he said to them: "Whoever does not embrace the Christian and Catholic faith is lost, like your false prophet Mahomet."

At Ravenna, St. Maximian, bishop and confessor.

At Metz, St. Felix, bishop.

At Brescia, St. Paterius, bishop.

[02-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 14; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The Chair of St. Peter at Antioch, where the disciples were first called Christians.

At Hierapolis, in Phrygia, blessed Papias, bishop of that city, who had been, with St. Polycarp, a disciple of St. John in his old age.

At Salamis, in Cyprus, St. Aristion, who the same Papias says was one of the seventy-two disciples of Christ.

In Arabia, the commemoration of many holy martyrs who were barbarously put to death under the emperor Galerius Maximian.

At Alexandria, St. Abilius, bishop, who was the second pastor of that city after St. Mark, and administered his charge with eminent piety.

At Vienna, St. Paschasius, bishop, celebrated for his learning and holy life.

[02-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 14-15; selected notices
At Faenza, St. Peter Damian, Cardinal bishop of Ostia, and Doctor of the Church, celebrated for learning and sanctity.

At Sirmium, St. Sirenus, monk and martyr. By order of the emperor Maximian, he was arrested and beheaded, for confessing that he was a Christian.

In the same place, the birthday of seventy-two holy martyrs, who ended the combat of martyrdom in that city, and took possession of the everlasting kingdom.

At Rome, St. Polycarp, priest, who with blessed Sebastian converted many to the faith of Christ, and by his exhortations led them to the glory of martyrdom.

In the city of Astorga, St. Martha, virgin and martyr, under the emperor Decius, and the proconsul Paternus.

At Constantinople, St. Lazarus, a monk whom the Iconoclast emperor Theophilus ordered to be put to the torture for having painted holy images. His hand was burned with a hot iron, but being healed by the power of God, he painted anew the holy pictures that had been defaced, and finally rested in peace.

At Brescia, St. Felix, bishop.

At Seville, in Spain, St. Florentius, confessor.

At Todi, St. Romana, virgin, who was baptized by pope St. Sylvester. She led a heavenly life in caves and dens, and wrought glorious miracles.

In England, St. Milburga, virgin, daughter of the king of Mercia. (In leap-year, the 24th of February is announced in this manner: "The twenty-fourth day of February.

Also, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, confessors and virgins." On the 25th, read: "The twenty-fifth day of February," and then: "In Judea, etc.," as marked for the 24th.)

[03-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 16-17; complete entry
At Rome, two hundred and sixty holy martyrs, condemned for the name of Christ. Claudius ordered them to dig sand beyond the Salarian gate, and then to be shot dead with arrows by soldiers in the amphitheatre.

Also, the birthday of the holy martyrs Leo, Donatus, Abundantius, Nicephorus, and nine others.

At Marseilles, the holy martyrs Hermes and Adrian.

At Heliopolis, in the persecution of Trajan, St. Eudoxia, martyr, who, being baptized by bishop Theodotus and fortified for the combat, was put to the sword by the command of the governor Vincent, and thus received the crown of martyrdom.

The same day, St. Antonina, martyr. For deriding the gods of the Gentiles, in the persecution of Diocletian, she was, after various torments, shut up in a cask and drowned in a marsh near the city of Cea.

At Kaiserswerth, the bishop St. Swidbert, who, in the time of pope Sergius, preached the Gospel to the inhabitants of Friesland, Holland, and to other Germanic peoples.

At Angers, St. Albinus, bishop and confessor, a man of most eminent virtue and piety.

At Le Mans, St. Siviard, abbot.

At Perugia, the translation of St. Herculanus, bishop and martyr, who was beheaded by order of Totila, king of the Goths. Forty days after his decapitation his body, as pope St. Gregory relates, was found as sound and as firmly joined to the head as if it had never been touched by the sword.

[03-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 16; complete entry
At Rome, on the Latin road, the holy martyrs Jovinus and Basileus, who suffered under the emperors Valerian and Gallienus.

Also at Rome, under the emperor Alexander, and the prefect Ulpian, many holy martyrs, who were a long time tortured, and then condemned to capital punishment.

At Porto, the holy martyrs Paul, Heraclius, Secundilla, and Januaria.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the holy martyrs Lucius, bishop, Absalon, and Lorgius.

In Campania, the commemoration of eighty holy martyrs, who were barbarously killed by the Lombards, because they would not eat meat which had been offered to the idols, nor adore a goat's head.

At Rome, St. Simplicius, pope and confessor.

In England, St. Chad, bishop of Mercia and Lindisfarne, whose brilliant virtues are mentioned by Bede.

[03-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 16; complete entry
At Cæsarea, in Palestine, during the persecution of Valerian, the holy martyrs Marinus, soldier, and Asterius, senator. The former was examined by the judge on the charge laid against him by his fellow-soldiers of being a Christian, and as he admitted the accusation in no uncertain tone, he was beheaded and thus received the crown of martyrdom. His mutilated body was taken up by Asterius on his shoulders, and wrapped in the garment which he himself wore. This service gained for Asterius immediately the palm of martyrdom as a reward for the honors which he had given to a martyr.

In Spain, the birthday of the holy martyrs Hermiterius and Cheledonius, soldiers in the army at Leon, a city of Galicia. On the approach of a persecution they went to Calahorra, in order to confess the name of Christ, and after enduring many torments there, they were crowned with martyrdom.

The same day, the passion of the Saints Felix, Luciolus, Fortunatus, Marcia, and their companions.

Also, the holy soldiers Cleonicus, Eutropius, and Basiliscus, who gloriously triumphed by the death of the cross under the governor Asclepiades during the persecution of Maximian.

At Brescia, St. Titian, bishop and confessor.

At Bamberg, the empress St. Cunegundes, who preserved her virginity with the consent of her husband, the emperor Henry I. She terminated a life rich in meritorious good deeds with a holy death and worked many miracles afterward.

[03-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 17; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Appian way, during the persecution of Valerian, the birthday of St. Lucius, pope and martyr, who was first exiled for the faith of Christ; but being permitted by divine Providence to return to his church, he suffered martyrdom by decapitation, after having combated the Novatians. His praises have been published by St. Cyprian.

Also, at Rome, on the Appian road, nine hundred holy martyrs, who were buried in the same cemetery as St. Cecilia.

The same day, St. Caius, a member of the imperial household, who was drowned in the sea with twenty-seven others.

At Nicomedia, in the reign of the emperor Diocletian, the holy martyr Adrian and twenty-three others, who endured martyrdom by having their limbs crushed. St. Adrian is especially commemorated on the 8th of September, when his body was conveyed to Rome.

Also, the martyrdom of the Saints Archelaus, Cyril, and Photius.

In Chersonesus, the passion of the saintly bishops Basil, Eugenius, Agathodorus, Elpidius, Ætherius, Capito, Ephrem, Nestor, and Arcadius.

[03-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 17; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Antioch, the birthday of the martyr St. Phocas, who triumphed over the old serpent after many injuries which he suffered for the name of the Redeemer. That triumph is still manifested to the people in our days; for if any one stung by a serpent, touches with faith the door of the martyr's basilica, the power of the venom disappears, and he is immediately cured.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, in the persecution of Diocletian, St. Adrian, martyr, who, being first exposed to a lion for the faith of Christ and then killed with the sword by order of the governor Firmilian, received the crown of martyrdom.

The same day, the passion of the holy martyrs Eusebius, officer of the imperial palace, and nine others.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, in the time of the emperor Severus, St. Theophilus, bishop, who was conspicuous by his wisdom and the purity of his life.

Also in Palestine, on the banks of the Jordan, the anchoret St. Gerasimus, who lived in the time of the emperor Zeno.

[03-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 17; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The feast of the holy martyrs Perpetua and Felicitas, who received the glorious crown of martyrdom on the 7th of this month.

At Nicomedia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Victor and Victorinus, who were, with Claudian and his wife Bassa, subjected to many torments during three years and were then thrust into prison, where they ended the pilgrimage of life.

At Tortona, St. Marcian, bishop and martyr, who received the crown of immortality by being killed under Trajan for the glory of Christ.

At Constantinople, St. Evagrius, who was elected bishop by the Catholics in the reign of Valens, and being exiled by that emperor, departed for heaven.

In Cyprus, in the time of the emperor Decius, St. Conon, martyr, who, being compelled to run before a chariot with his feet pierced with nails, fell on his knees, and breathing a prayer expired.

Also, the passion of forty-two holy martyrs, who were arrested in Amorium, and taken to Syria, where they received the palm of martyrdom after a valiant combat.

At Bologna, St. Basil, bishop, who was consecrated by pope St. Sylvester, and by word and example governed with great holiness the church entrusted to his care.

At Barcelona, in Spain, blessed Ollegarius, who was first a canon, and afterwards bishop of Barcelona and archbishop of Tarragona.

[03-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 17-18; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Tuburbum, in Mauritania (Barbary), in the reign of the emperor Severus, the birthday of the Saints Perpetua and Felicitas, whose festival is kept on the 6th of this month. St. Augustine relates that Felicitas, being with child, her execution was deferred, according to the laws, until after her delivery, and whilst she was in labor she mourned, and when exposed to the beasts, she rejoiced. With them suffered Revocatus, Saturninus, and Secundulus. This last died in prison; all the others were delivered to the beasts.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the passion of St. Eubulus, the companion of St. Adrian. Two days after the latter, being mangled by the lions, and killed with the sword, he was the last of all those who received the crown of martyrdom in that city.

At Nicomedia, St. Theophilus, bishop, who was driven into exile for the worship of holy images, and there closed his life.

At Pelusium, in Egypt, St. Paul, bishop, who for the same cause also died an exile.

At Brescia, St. Gaudiosus, bishop and confessor.

In Thebais, St. Paul, surnamed the Simple.

[03-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 18; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Antinous, a city of Egypt, the birthday of the holy martyr Philemon, and the deacon Apollonius. As they firmly refused to sacrifice to the idols when they were apprehended and brought before the judge, they had their heels transpierced, were barbarously dragged through the city, and finally consummated their martyrdom by the edge of the sword.

Also, in the same place, the passion of the Saints Arian, governor, Theoticus and three others, who were submerged in the sea by order of the judge. Their bodies were brought to the short by dolphins.

At Nicomedia, St. Quinctilis, bishop and martyr.

At Carthage, St. Pontius, deacon of bishop St. Cyprian, who remained in banishment with him until his death, and composed an excellent history of his life and martyrdom. By ever glorifying God in his own sufferings, he merited the crown of life.

Also in Africa, the Saints Cyril, bishop, Rogatus, Felix, another Rogatus, Beata, Herenia, Felicitas, Urbanus, Sylvanus, and Mamillus.

At Toledo, in Spain, the demise of blessed Julian, bishop and confessor, most celebrated for his sanctity and learning.

In England, St. Felix, bishop, who converted the East-Angles to the faith.

[03-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 18; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Sebaste, in Armenia, under the governor Agricolaus, in the time of the emperor Licinius, the birthday of forty holy soldiers of Cappadocia. After being loaded with chains and confined in foul dungeons, after having their faces bruised with stones, and being condemned to spend the night naked, during the coldest part of winter, on a frozen lake, where their bodies were benumbed and laid open by the frost, they ended their martyrdom by having their limbs crushed. The noblest of them were Cyrion and Candidus. Their glorious triumph has been celebrated by St. Basil and other Fathers in their writings. Their feast is kept on the tenth of this month.

At Nyssa, the demise of St. Gregory, bishop, brother of blessed Basil the Great, whose life and erudition have rendered him illustrious. He was expelled from his own city for having defended the Catholic faith during the reign of the Arian emperor Valens.

At Barcelona, in Spain, the bishop St. Pacian, distinguished by his life and preaching. He ended his career in extreme old age, in the time of the emperor Theodosius.

In Moravia, the saintly bishops Cyril and Methodius, who brought to the faith of Christ many nations in those regions with their kings. Leo XIII. prescribed that their feast should be celebrated on the seventh of July.

[03-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 18-19; complete entry
At Sebaste, in Armenia, forty holy martyrs.

At Apamea, in Phrygia, during the persecution of Marcus Antoninus and Lucius Verus, the birthday of the holy martyrs Caius and Alexander, who were crowned with a glorious martyrdom, as is related by Apollinaris, bishop of Hierapolis, in his book against the Cataphrygian heretics.

In Persia, the passion of forty-two holy martyrs.

At Corinth, the holy martyrs Codratus, Denis, Cyprian, Anectus, Paul, and Crescens, who were slain with the sword in the persecution of Decius and Valerian, under the governor Jason.

In Africa, the martyr St. Victor, on whose festival St. Augustine delivered a discourse to his people.

At Jerusalem, St. Macarius, bishop and confessor, at whose request the holy places were purified by Constantine and Helena, and beautified with sacred edifices.

At Paris, the decease of the abbot St. Droctoveus, who was a disciple of the blessed bishop Germanus.

In the monastery of Bobio, the abbot St. Attalas, renowned for miracles.

[03-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 19; complete entry
At Carthage, the holy martyrs Heraclius and Zosimus.

At Alexandria, the passion of the Saints Candidus, Piperion, and twenty others.

At Laodicea, in Syria, during the persecution of Diocletian, the holy martyrs Trophimus and Thalus, who obtained crowns of glory, after undergoing many severe torments.

At Antioch, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, some of whom by order of the emperor Maximian were laid on redhot gridirons, not to be burned to death, but to suffer a longer time; others were subjected to different horrible torments, and won the palm of martyrdom.

Also, the Saints Gorgonius and Firmus.

At Cordova, St. Eulogius, a priest, who deserved to be associated with the martyrs of that city, in the persecution of the Saracens, because in writing of their combats for the faith, he had envied their happiness.

At Sardis, the bishop St. Euthymius, who was banished by the Iconoclast emperor Michael for the worship of holy images. He consummated his martyrdom during the reign of Theophilus.

At Jerusalem, the bishop St. Sophronius.

At Milan, St. Benedict, bishop.

In the diocese of Amiens, the abbot St. Firmin.

At Carthage, St. Constantine, confessor.

At Babucum, in Campania, St. Peter, confessor, renowned for miracles.

[03-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 19; complete entry
At Nicomedia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Macedonius, his wife Patritia, and their daughter Modesta.

At Nicæa, the holy martyrs Theuseta, and Horres, his son, Theodora, Nimphodora, Marcus, and Arabia, who were burned to death for Christ.

At Hermopolis, in Egypt, the martyr St. Sabinus, who after many sufferings, terminated his martyrdom by being precipitated into a river.

In Persia, St. Christina, virgin and martyr.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Rudericus, priest, and Solomon.

At Constantinople, the bishop St. Nicephorus. In defense of the traditions of his forefathers and of the worship of sacred images, he opposed firmly the Iconoclast emperor Leo the Armenian, by whom he was sent into exile, where he underwent a long martyrdom of fourteen years, and departed for the kingdom of God.

At Camerino, St. Ansovinus, bishop and confessor.

In Thebais, St. Euphrasia, virgin.

[03-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 19; complete entry
At Rome, the birthday of forty-seven holy martyrs, who were baptized by the apostle St. Peter, whilst he was kept in the Mamertine prison with his fellow-apostle St. Paul. After a detention of nine months they all fell by the sword of Nero, after most generously confessing the faith.

Also, at Rome, St. Leo, bishop and martyr.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Peter and Aphrodisius, who obtained the crown of martyrdom in the persecution of the Vandals.

At Carrhæ, in Mesopotamia, the patrician St. Eutychius and his companions, who were killed by Evelid, king of Arabia, for the confession of the faith.

In the province of Valeria, two saintly monks, who were hanged on a tree by the Lombards, and though dead, were heard singing psalms even by their enemies.

In the same persecution, a deacon of the church of Marsico was beheaded for the confession of the faith.

At Halberstadt, in Germany, the demise of the blessed queen Matilda, mother of the emperor Otho I., celebrated for her humility and patience.

[03-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 19-20; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the martyrdom of St. Longinus, the soldier who is said to have pierced our Lord's side with a lance.

The same day, the birthday of St. Aristobulus, a disciple of the Apostles, who terminated by martyrdom a life spent in preaching the Gospel.

At Thessalonica, St. Matrona, servant of a Jewess, who, worshipping Christ secretly, and stealing away daily to the church to pray, was detected by her mistress, and subjected to many trials. Being at last beaten to death with heavy clubs, she gave up her pure soul to God in confessing Christ.

The same day, St. Menignus, a dyer, who suffered under Decius.

In Egypt, St. Nicander, who, seeking diligently for the remains of the holy martyrs, merited to be made a martyr himself, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Cordova, St. Leocritia, virgin and martyr.

At Rome, the birthday of pope St. Zachary, who governed the Church of God with great vigilance, and renowned for merits, rested in peace.

At Rieti, the bishop St. Probus, at whose death the martyrs Juvenal and Eleutherius were present.

At Rome, St. Speciosus, a monk, whose soul his brother saw carried up to heaven.

[03-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 20; complete entry
At Rome, the martyrdom of the deacon St. Cyriacus, who, after a long imprisonment, was covered with melted pitch and stretched on the rack, to have his limbs distended with ropes, was beaten with clubs, and finally beheaded with Largus, Smaragdus, and twenty others, by order of Maximian. Their feast, however, is kept on the 8th of August, the day on which their bodies were taken up by the blessed pope Marcellus and reverently entombed.

At Aquileia, in the time of the emperor Numerian and the governor Beronius, the birthday of the holy bishop Hilary, and the deacon Tatian, who terminated their martyrdom with Felix, Largus, and Denis, after being subjected to the rack and other tortures.

In Lycaonia, the holy martyr Papas, who was scourged for the Christian faith, torn with iron hooks, then compelled to walk with shoes pierced with nails, and finally bound to a barren tree. In leaving this world to go to God, he rendered the tree fruitful.

At Anazarbum, in Cilicia, under the governor Marcian, the martyr St. Julian, who was a long time tortured, then put into a sack with serpents, and cast into the sea.

At Ravenna, St. Agapitus, bishop and confessor.

At Cologne, St. Heribert, a bishop, celebrated for sanctity.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, the demise of St. Patrick, bishop.

In Syria, St. Abraham, hermit, whose life has been written by the blessed deacon Ephrem.

[03-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 20; complete entry
In Ireland, the birthday of St. Patrick, bishop and confessor, who was the first to preach Christ in that country, and became illustrious by great miracles and virtues.

At Jerusalem, St. Joseph of Arimathea, noble senator and disciple of our Lord, who took his body down from the cross, and buried it in his own new sepulchre.

At Rome, the Saints Alexander and Theodore, martyrs.

At Alexandria, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, who being seized by the worshippers of Serapis, and refusing constantly to adore that idol, were cruelly murdered, in the reign of the emperor Theodosius, who afterwards issued orders that the temple of Serapis should be destroyed.

At Constantinople, St. Paul, martyr, who was burned alive under Constantine Copronymus, for defending the worship of holy images.

At Chalons, in France, St. Agricola, bishop.

At Nivelle, in Brabant, St. Gertrude, a virgin of noble birth. Because she despised the world, and during her whole life practised all kinds of good works, she deserved to have Christ for her spouse in heaven.

[03-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 20-21; complete entry
At Jerusalem, St. Cyril, bishop and doctor, who suffered many injuries from the Arians for the faith. Often exiled from his church, he at length rested in peace with a great reputation for sanctity. A magnificent testimony of the purity of his faith is given by a general Council, in a letter to pope Damasus.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the birthday of the blessed bishop Alexander, who from his own city, in Cappadocia, where he was bishop, coming to Jerusalem to visit the holy places, took upon himself, by divine revelation, the government of that Church, in the place of the aged Narcissus, its bishop. Some time afterwards, when he had become venerable by his age and grey hairs, he was led to Cæsarea and shut up in prison, where he ended his martyrdom for the confession of Christ during the persecution of Decius.

At Augsburg, St. Narcissus, bishop, who was the first to preach the Gospel in the Tyrol. Afterwards, setting out for Spain, he converted many to the faith of Christ at Gerona, where, with the deacon Felix, he received the palm of martyrdom during the persecution of Diocletian.

At Nicomedia, ten thousand holy martyrs, who were put to the sword for the confession of Christ.

Also, the holy martyrs Trophimus and Eucarpius.

In England, the holy king Edward, who was assassinated by order of his treacherous stepmother, and became celebrated for many miracles.

At Lucca, in Tuscany, the birthday of the holy bishop Frigdian, who was illustrious by the power of working miracles. His feast is more especially celebrated on the 18th of November, when his body was translated.

At Mantua, St. Anselm, bishop and confessor.

[03-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 21; complete entry
In Judea, the birthday of St. Joseph, spouse of the Most Blessed Virgin Mary. Pius IX., yielding to the desires and prayers of the whole Catholic world, declared him Patron of the Universal Church.

At Sorrento, the holy martyrs Quinctus, Quinctilla, Quartilla, and Mark, with nine others.

At Nicomedia, St. Pancharius, a Roman, who was beheaded under Diocletian, and thus received the crown of martyrdom.

The same day, the holy bishops Apollonius and Leontius.

At Ghent the Saints Landoaldus, a Roman priest, and the deacon Amantius, who were sent to preach the Gospel by pope St. Martin, and after their death became illustrious by many miracles.

At Civita-di-Penna, the birthday of blessed John, a man of great holiness, who came from Syria into Italy, where he constructed a monastery, and, after having been the spiritual guide of many servants of God for forty-four years, rested in peace, renowned for great virtue.

[03-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 21; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Judea, St. Joachim, father of the Most Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God, whose festival is kept on the 16th of August.

In Asia, the birthday of St. Archippus, fellow-laborer of the blessed apostle Paul, who mentions him in his epistles to Philemon, and to the Colossians.

In Syria, the holy martyrs Paul, Cyril, Eugenius, and four others.

The same day, the Saints Photina, a Samaritan, and her sons Joseph and Victor; also, Sebastian, military officer, Anatolius, and Photius; Photides, Parasceves and Cyriaca, sisters, who were all martyred for confessing Christ.

At Amisus, in Paphlagonia, seven holy women, Alexandra, Claudia, Euphrasia, Matrona, Juliana, Euphemia, and Theodosia, who were put to death for the confession of the faith. They were followed by Derphuta and her sister.

At Apollonia, the bishop St. Nicetas, who breathed his last in exile, where he had been sent for upholding the worship of holy images.

In the monastery of Fontanelle, St. Wulfran, bishop of Sens, who after having resigned his bishopric and performed miracles, departed out of this life.

In England, the demise of St. Cuthbert, bishop of Lindisfarne, who from his childhood to his death was renowned for good works and miracles.

[03-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 21; complete entry
On Mount Cassino, the birthday of the holy abbot Benedict, who restored and wonderfully extended in the West the monastic discipline, which was almost destroyed. His life, brilliant in virtues and miracles, was written by pope St. Gregory.

At Alexandria, under the emperor Constantine and the governor Philagrius, the commemoration of the holy martyrs who were attacked and murdered by the Arians and the Gentiles whilst they were in the church on Good Friday.

The same day, the holy martyrs Philemon and Domninus.

At Catania, St. Birillus, who was consecrated bishop by St. Peter. After converting many Gentiles to the faith, in extreme old age he rested in peace.

At Alexandria, blessed Serapion, anchoret and bishop of Thmuis, a man of great virtue, who being forced into exile by the enraged Arians, went to heaven.

In the territory of Lyons, the abbot St. Lupicinus, whose life was resplendent with the lustre of holiness and miracles.

[03-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 21-22; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Narbonne, in France, the birthday of the bishop St. Paul, a disciple of the Apostles. He is said to have been the proconsul Sergius Paulus, who was baptized by the blessed apostle Paul, and left at Narbonne, where he was raised to the episcopal dignity when the apostle went to Spain. Having zealously discharged the office of preaching and performed miracles, he departed for heaven.

At Terracina, St. Epaphroditus, a disciple of the Apostles, who was consecrated bishop of that city by the blessed apostle Peter.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Saturninus and nine others.

The same day, the birthday of the Saints Callinica and Basilissa, martyrs.

An Ancyra, under Julian the Apostate, St. Basil, priest and martyr, who gave up his soul to God after having endured grievous torments.

At Carthage, St. Octavian, archdeacon, and many thousands of martyrs, who were slain by the Vandals for the Catholic faith.

In the same place, St. Deogratias, bishop of Carthage, who ransomed many captives taken from that city by the Vandals, and performed other good works, after which he went to rest in the Lord.

At Rome, St. Lea, a widow, whose virtues and happy death are related by St. Jerome.

[03-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 22; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Africa, the holy martyrs Victorian, proconsul of Carthage, and two brothers, of Aquaregia. Also two merchants, named Frementius, who, bishop Victor Africanus tells us, were subjected to most atrocious torments for their courageous confession of the Catholic faith, and gloriously crowned under the Arian king Hunneric, during the persecution of the Vandals. Also in Africa, St. Fidelis, martyr.

In the same country, St. Felix, and twenty others.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the holy martyrs Nicon, and twenty-nine others.

Also, the crowning of the holy martyrs Domitius, Pelagia, Aquila, Eparchius, and Theodosia.

At Antioch, St. Theodulus, priest.

At Cæsarea, St. Julian, confessor.

In Campania, St. Benedict, a monk, who was shut up by the Goths in a burning furnace, but was the next day found uninjured.

[03-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 22; complete entry
The Annunciation of the most Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God.

At Rome, St. Quirinus, martyr, who after losing his goods, suffering imprisonment in a dark dungeon, and being severely scourged, was put to death with the sword, and thrown into the Tiber. The Christians found his body in the island of St. Bartholomew and buried it in the Pontian cemetery.

In the same city, two hundred and sixty-two holy martyrs.

At Sirmium, the martyrdom of St. Irenæus, bishop. In the time of the emperor Maximian, under the governor Probus, after undergoing bitter torments, and a painful imprisonment for many days, he was beheaded.

At Nicomedia, St. Dula, the servant of a soldier, who was killed for the preservation of her chastity, and deserved the crown of martyrdom.

At Jerusalem, the commemoration of the good Thief, who confessed Christ on the cross, and deserved to hear from Him these words: "This day thou shalt be with Me in paradise."

At Laodicea, St. Pelagius, bishop, who having endured exile and other afflictions for the Catholic faith under Valens, rested in the Lord.

At Pistoja, the holy confessors Barontius and Desiderius.

In Indre, an island of the Loire, the abbot St. Hermelandus, whose glorious life is attested by signal miracles.

[03-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 22; complete entry
At Rome, on the Lavican road, St. Castulus, martyr, chamberlain in the palace of the emperor. For harboring the Christians, he was three times suspended by the hands, three times cited before the tribunals, and as he persevered in the confession of the Lord, he was thrown into a pit, overwhelmed with a mass of sand, and thus obtained the crown of martyrdom.

In the same city, the crowning of the holy martyrs Peter, Marcian, Jovinus, Thecla, Cassian, and others.

At Pentapolis, in Lybia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Theodore, bishop, Irenæus, deacon, Serapion and Ammonius, lectors.

At Sirmium, the holy martyrs Montanus, priest, and Maxima, who were cast into a river for the faith of Christ.

Also, the holy martyrs Quadratus, Theodosius, Emmanuel, and forty others.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Eutychius and others, who died by the sword for the Catholic faith, in the time of Constantine, under the Arian bishop George.

The same day, St. Ludger, bishop of Munster, who preached the Gospel to the Saxons.

At Saragossa, in Spain, St. Braulio, bishop and confessor.

At Treves, St. Felix, bishop.

[03-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 23; complete entry
The festival of St. John Damascene, confessor and doctor of the Church. He is mentioned on the 6th of May.

At Drizipara, in Pannonia, St. Alexander, a soldier, in the time of emperor Maximian. Having overcome many tribulations for Christ, and wrought many miracles, he completed his martyrdom by decapitation.

The same day, the Saints Philetus, senator, his wife Lydia, and their sons Macedon and Theoprepides; also Amphilochius, an officer in the army, and Chronidas, a notary, who were put to death for the confession of Christ.

In Persia, in the reign of King Sapor, the holy martyrs Zanitas, Lazarus, Marotas, Narses, and five others, who merited the palm of martyrdom by being barbarously murdered.

At Salzburg, St. Rupert, bishop and confessor, who spread the Gospel extensively in Bavaria and Austria.

In Egypt, the hermit St. John, a man of great holiness, who among other virtues, was replenished with the spirit of prophecy, and predicted to the emperor Theodosius that he would gain the victory over the tyrants Maximus and Eugenius.

[03-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 23; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the birthday of the holy martyrs Priscus, Malchus, and Alexander. In the persecution of Valerian, they were dwelling in the suburbs of Cæsarea, but knowing that in the city the heavenly crown of martyrdom was to be gained, and burning with the divine ardor of faith, they go to the judge of their own accord, rebuke him for shedding the blood of the faithful in torrents, and are forthwith condemned to be devoured by beasts for the name of Christ.

At Tarsus, in Cilicia, the holy martyrs Castor and Dorotheus.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Rogatus, Successus, and sixteen others.

At Rome, St. Xystus III., pope and confessor.

At Norcia, the abbot St. Speus, a man of extraordinary patience, whose soul at its departure from this life was seen by all his brethren to ascend to heaven in the shape of a dove.

At Chalons, in France, the demise of St. Gontram, king, who devoted himself to exercises of piety, renounced the pomps of the world, and bestowed his treasures on churches and the poor.

[03-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 23; complete entry
In Persia, the holy martyrs Jonas and Barachisius, under Sapor, king of Persia. Jonas, being pressed in a vice till his bones were broken, was cut in twain; Barachisius was suffocated by burning pitch poured into his throat.

At Heliopolis, near Mount Lebanon, under Julian the Apostate, St. Cyril, deacon and martyr, whose body was opened and his liver plucked out by the Gentiles, who devoured it like wild beasts.

At Nicomedia, the martyrdom of the holy martyrs Pastor, Victorinus and their companions.

In Africa, under the Arian king Genseric, during the persecution of the Vandals, the holy confessors Armogastes, count, Mascula, Archimimus, and Saturus, master of the king's household. Having endured many severe torments, as well as reproaches, for the confession of the truth, they reached the end of their glorious combats.

At Asti, St. Secundus, martyr.

In the monastery of Luxeuil, the decease of the abbot St. Eustasius, a disciple of St. Columban, who had under his guidance nearly six hundred monks. Eminent in sanctity, he was also renowned for miracles.

[03-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 23; complete entry
At Rome, on the Appian way, the martyrdom of blessed Quirinus, tribune, baptized with all his household, by pope St. Alexander, who was imprisoned in his house. Under the emperor Adrian, he was delivered to the judge Aurelian, and, as he persevered in the confession of the faith, his tongue was plucked out, he was stretched on the rack, his hands and feet were cut off, and the sword terminated the course of his martyrdom.

At Thessalonica, the birthday of the holy martyrs Domninus, Victor, and their companions.

At Constantinople, the commemoration of many holy martyrs of the Catholic communion, whom the heresiarch Macedonius, in the time of Constantius, put to death by unheard-of kinds of torments. For among other tortures, he cut off the breasts of Christian women by pressing them between the lids of chests, and seared the wounds with hot iron.

At Senlis, the demise of St. Regulus, bishop of Arles.

At Orleans, in France, St. Pastor, bishop.

At Syracuse, St. Zosimus, bishop and confessor.

On Mount Sinai, St. John Climacus, abbot.

At Aquino, St. Clinius, confessor.

[03-31]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 23-24; complete entry
At Thecua, in Palestine, the holy prophet Amos, whom the priest Amasias frequently scourged, and whose temples Ozias, that priest's son, pierced with an iron spike. Being carried half dead to his native place, he expired there and was buried with his forefathers.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Theodulus, Anesius, Felix, Cornelia, and their companions.

In Persia, during the reign of king Isdegerdes, St. Benjamin, deacon. Because he would not cease to preach the word of God, sharp-pointed reeds were forced under his nails, a thorny stake driven through his entrails, and thus he consummated his martyrdom.

At Rome, the holy virgin Balbina, daughter of the blessed martyr Quirinus, who was baptized by pope St. Alexander, and after overcoming the world, was buried on the Appian road at her father's side.

[04-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 24; complete entry
At Rome, the passion of St. Theodora, sister of the illustrious martyr Hermes, who underwent martyrdom in the time of the emperor Adrian, under the judge Aurelian, and was buried by the side of her brother, on the Salarian road, a short distance from the city.

The same day, St. Venantius, bishop and martyr.

In Egypt, the holy martyrs Victor and Stephen.

In Armenia, the holy martyrs Quinctian and Irenæus.

At Constantinople, under the emperor Leo, St. Macarius, confessor, who ended his life in exile for the defence of the honor paid to sacred images.

At Grenoble, the bishop St. Hugh, who spent many years of his life in solitude, and departed for heaven, with a reputation for miracles.

At Amiens, the abbot St. Valery, whose tomb is made illustrious by frequent miracles.

[04-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 24; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Cæsarea, in Palestine, during the persecution of Galerius Maximian, the birthday of the martyr St. Amphian, who, because he reproved the governor Urban for sacrificing to idols, was cruelly lacerated and, with his feet wrapped in a cloth saturated with oil, was set on fire. After these painful tortures, he was plunged into the sea. Thus through fire and water, he reached everlasting repose.

In the same city, the passion of St. Theodosia, a virgin of Tyre, who, in the same persecution, for having publicly saluted the holy confessors as they stood before the tribunal, and begged of them to remember her when they should be with God, was arrested and led to the governor Urban. By his order, her sides and breasts were lacerated to the very vitals, and she was thrown into the sea.

At Lyons, St. Nizier, bishop of that city, renowned for his saintly life and miracles.

At Como, St. Abundius, bishop and confessor.

At Langres, St. Urban, bishop.

In Palestine, the decease of St. Mary of Egypt, surnamed the Sinner.

[04-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 24; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Taormina, in Sicily, the bishop St. Pancratius, who sealed, with a martyr's blood, the gospel of Christ which the apostle St. Peter had sent him thither to preach.

At Tomis, in Scythia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Evagrius and Benignus.

At Thessalonica, the martyrdom of the holy virgins Agape and Chionia, under the emperor Diocletian. As they would not deny Christ, they were first detained in prison, then cast into the fire, but being untouched by the flames, they gave up their souls to their Creator whilst praying to Him.

At Tyre, the martyr St. Vulpian, who was sewed up in a sack with a serpent and a dog, and drowned in the sea, during the persecution of Maximian Galerius.

In the monastery of Medicion, in the East, the abbot St. Nicetas, who suffered much for the worship of holy images, in the time of Leo the Armenian.

In the same country, St. Burgundofora, abbess and virgin.

[04-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 24; complete entry
At Seville, in Spain, St. Isidore, a bishop eminent for sanctity and learning, who shed lustre on his country by his zeal for the Catholic faith, and the observance of ecclesiastical discipline.

At Thessalonica, in the time of the emperor Maximian and the governor Faustinus, the holy martyrs Agathopodes, a deacon, and Theodulus, a lector, who, for the confession of the Christian faith, were thrown into the sea with stones tied to their necks.

At Milan, the demise of St. Ambrose, bishop and confessor, through whose labors, learning and miracles, almost all Italy returned to the Catholic faith, at the time when the perfidious Arian heresy was widely diffused.

At Constantinople, St. Plato, a monk, who for many years combated with invincible courage the heretics that were breaking sacred images.

In Palestine, the anchoret St. Zozimus, who buried the remains of St. Mary of Egypt.

[04-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 25; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Thessalonica, St. Irene, virgin, who was imprisoned for having concealed the sacred books, contrary to the edict of Diocletian, was pierced with an arrow, and consumed by fire, by order of the governor Dulcetius, under whom her sisters Agape and Chionia had previously suffered.

In the island of Lesbos, the sufferings of five holy martyrs.

The same day, St. Zeno, martyr, who was flayed alive, besmeared with pitch, and then cast into the fire.

In Africa, the holy martyrs, who, in the persecution of the Arian king Genseric, were murdered in the church on Easter day. The lector, whilst singing Alleluia at the stand, was pierced through the throat with an arrow.

[04-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 25; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, the birthday of blessed Sixtus, pope and martyr, who governed the Church in the time of the emperor Adrian. Under Antoninus Pius, he joyfully endured a corporal death in order to gain Christ.

In Macedonia, the holy martyrs Timothy and Diogenes.

In Persia, one hundred and twenty holy martyrs.

At Ascalon, the holy martyrs Platonides and two others.

At Carthage, St. Marcellin, who was slain by the heretics for defending the Catholic faith.

At Rome, pope St. Celestin, who condemned Nestorius, bishop of Constantinople, and put Pelagius to flight. It was also by his authority, that the holy ecumenical Synod of Ephesus was convoked against Nestorius.

In Ireland, the holy bishop Celsus, who preceded blessed Malachy in the episcopate.

[04-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 25; complete entry
In Africa, the birthday of the holy martyrs Epiphanius, bishop, Donatus, Rufinus, and thirteen others.

At Sinope, in Pontus, two hundred holy martyrs.

In Cilicia, under the prefect Maximian, St. Calliopius, martyr. After undergoing other torments, he was fastened to a cross with his head downward, and gained the noble crown of martyrdom.

At Nicomedia, St. Cyriacus and ten other martyrs.

At Alexandria, St. Peleusius, priest and martyr.

At Rome, St. Hegesippus, who lived near the time of the Apostles. He came to Rome whilst Anicetus was Sovereign Pontiff, and remained till the accession of Eleutherius. He wrote the history of the Church in a simple style, from the Passion of our Lord to his own time, and delineated in his narrative the character of those whose lives he imitated.

At Verona, St. Saturninus, bishop and confessor.

In Syria, in the time of Valens, St. Aphraates, an anchoret, who defended the Catholic faith against the Arians by the power of miracles.

[04-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 25; complete entry
At Alexandria, in the time of the emperor Maximian Galerius, the martyr St. Ædesius, brother of the blessed Apphian. Because he reproved the wicked judge publicly for delivering to corruptors virgins consecrated to God, he was arrested by the soldiers, exposed to the most severe torments, and thrown into the sea for Christ our Lord.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Januarius, Maxima, and Macaria.

At Carthage, St. Concessa, martyr.

The same day, the commemoration of the Saints Herodion, Asyncritus and Phlegon, who are mentioned by the blessed apostle Paul in his epistle to the Romans.

At Corinth, the bishop St. Denis, who instructed not only the people of his own city and province by the learning and unction with which he preached the word of God, but also the bishops of other cities and provinces by the letters which he wrote to them. His veneration for the Roman Pontiffs was such that he used to read their epistles publicly in the church on Sundays. He lived in the time of Marcus Antoninus Verus and Lucius Aurelius Commodus.

At Tours, the holy bishop Perpetuus, a man of wonderful sanctity.

At Ferentino, in Campania, St. Redemptus, bishop, mentioned by pope St. Gregory.

At Como, St. Amantius, bishop and confessor.

[04-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 25-26; complete entry
At Antioch, St. Prochorus, who was one of the first seven deacons. Renowned for faith and miracles, he was crowned with martyrdom.

At Rome the birthday of the holy martyrs Demetrius, Concessus, Hilary and their companions.

At Sirmium, seven holy virgins and martyrs, who purchased eternal life together, at the price of their own blood.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, St. Eupsychius, martyr, who suffered martyrdom under Julian the Apostate, for having overthrown the temple of Fortune.

In Africa, the holy Massylitan martyrs, on whose birthday St. Augustine delivered a discourse.

At Amida, in Mesopotamia, St. Acatius, bishop, who melted and sold even the sacred vessels in order to ransom captives.

At Rouen, St. Hugh, bishop and confessor.

At Die, St. Marcellus, bishop, celebrated for miracles.

In Judea, St. Mary Cleophas, sister of the most Blessed Mary, Mother of God.

At Rome, the translation of the body of St. Monica, mother of the blessed bishop Augustine, which was brought from Ostia to Rome, under the Sovereign Pontiff, Martin V., and with due honors buried in the Church of St. Augustine.

At Mons, in Hainaut, blessed Waltrude, renowned for holiness of life and miracles.

[04-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 26; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The prophet Ezechiel, who was put to death in Babylon by the Judge of the people of Israel, because he reproved him for worshipping idols. He was buried in the sepulchre of Sem and Arphaxad, Abraham's ancestors. To his tomb many were wont to resort for the purpose of prayer.

At Rome, the birthday of many holy martyrs, whom pope St. Alexander baptized whilst he was detained in prison. The prefect Aurelian had them all put in an old ship, taken to the deep sea, and plunged into it with stones tied to their necks.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Apollonius, priest, and five others, who, in the persecution of Maximian, were drowned in the sea.

In Africa, under the emperor Decius and the prefect Fortunian, the holy martyrs Terentius, African, Pompey, and their companions, who were scourged, racked, and subjected to other torments. Their martyrdom ended by decapitation.

The same day, St. Macarius, bishop of Antioch, celebrated for virtues and miracles.

[04-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 26-27; complete entry
At Rome, St. Leo, pope and confessor, who was surnamed the Great on account of his extraordinary merits. He gave the seal of his authority to the holy council of Chalcedon, which was held in his time and which condemned Eutyches through his legates. After having merited the gratitude of the Church of God and the whole flock of Christ by the many decrees which he issued and the many excellent treatises which he wrote, this good and zealous shepherd rested in peace.

At Pergamus, in Asia, St. Antipas, a faithful witness, of whom St. John speaks in the Apocalypse. Under the emperor Domitian, he was shut up in a red-hot brazen ox, and thus consummated his martyrdom.

At Salona, in Dalmatia, the holy martyrs Domnion, a bishop, and eight soldiers.

At Gortina, in Crete, in the time of Marcus Antoninus Verus and Lucius Aurelius Commodus, St. Philip, a bishop most renowned for merit and doctrine, who defended the church entrusted to his care against the fury of the Gentiles, and the wiles of the heretics.

At Nicomedia, St. Eustorgius, a priest.

At Spoleto, St. Isaac, monk and confessor, whose virtues are recorded by pope St. Gregory.

At Gaza, in Palestine, St. Barsanuphius, an anchoret, in the time of the emperor Justinian.

[04-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 26; complete entry
At Verona, the martyrdom of the bishop St. Zeno, who governed that Church with great fortitude amidst the storms of persecution, and was crowned with martyrdom in the days of Gallienus.

In Cappadocia, in the reign of the emperor Valens, in the persecution raised against Christians by Athanaric, king of the Goths, St. Sabas, a Goth, who was cast into a river after undergoing cruel torments. According to St. Augustine, many other Christian Goths were at that time adorned with the crown of martyrdom.

At Braga, in Portugal, St. Victor, martyr, who although only a catechumen, refused to adore an idol, and confessed Jesus Christ with great constancy. After suffering many tortures, he was beheaded, and thus merited to be baptized in his own blood.

At Fermo, in the Marches, St. Vissia, virgin and martyr.

At Rome, on the Aurelian road, the birthday of pope St. Julius, who combated vigorously for the Catholic faith against the Arians. After a life of brilliant deeds and great sanctity, he rested in peace.

At Gap, St. Constantine, bishop and confessor.

At Pavia, St. Damian, bishop.

[04-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 26; complete entry
At Seville, in Spain, St. Hermenegild, son of Leovigild, Arian king of the Visigoths, who was incarcerated for the confession of the Catholic faith. By order of his wicked father he was beheaded because he had refused to receive communion from an Arian bishop, on the Paschal solemnity, and thus exchanging an earthly for a heavenly kingdom, he entered the abode of the blessed, both as a king and as a martyr.

At Pergamus, in Asia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Carpus, bishop of Thyatira, Papylus, deacon, and his sister Agathonica, an excellent woman, Agathadorus, their servant, and many others, who after various torments, were, for their blessed confession, crowned with martyrdom in the persecution of Marcus Antoninus Verus and Lucius Aurelius Commodus.

In this same persecution, there suffered at Rome that remarkable man, Justin the Philosopher, who had addressed to the emperors his second Apology in defence of our religion, and upheld it by strong arguments. Being accused of professing Christianity by the intrigues of the Cynic Crescens, whose conduct and immorality he had reproved, he obtained the reward of a martyr, as a remuneration for his faithful confession.

The same day, the martyrdom of the Saints Maximus, Quinctillian, and Dadas, during the persecution of Diocletian.

At Ravenna, St. Ursus, bishop and confessor.

[04-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 27; complete entry
The feast of St. Justin, martyr, who is mentioned on the 13th of this month.

At Rome, on the Appian way, the birthday of the holy martyrs Tiburtius, Valerian, and Maximus, who suffered in the time of the emperor Alexander and the prefect Almachius. The first two being converted to Christ by the exhortations of blessed Cecilia, and baptized by pope St. Urban, were beaten with rods, and decapitated for the true faith. But Maximus, chamberlain of the prefect, moved by their constancy, and encouraged by the vision of an angel, believed in Christ, and was scourged with leaded whips until he expired.

At Teramo, St. Proculus, bishop and martyr.

Also, St. Domnina, virgin and martyr, crowned with other virgins, her companions.

At Alexandria, St. Thomaides, martyr.

The same day, St. Ardalion, an actor. One day, in the theatre, while mocking the holy rites of the Christian religion, he was suddenly converted, and bore testimony to it, not only by his words, but also with his blood.

At Lyons, St. Lambert, bishop and confessor.

At Alexandria, St. Fronto, an abbot, whose life was adorned with sanctity and miracles.

At Rome, St. Abundius, resident sacristan of the church of St. Peter.

[04-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 27; complete entry
At Rome, the Saints Basilissa and Anastasia. Of noble family, they were disciples of the Apostles, and as they persevered courageously in the profession of their faith in the time of the emperor Nero, they had their tongues and feet cut off, were put to the sword, and thus obtained the crown of martyrdom.

The same day, the holy martyrs Maro, Eutyches, and Victorinus, who, with blessed Flavia Domitilla, were banished to the island of Pontia for the confession of Christ. Being recalled in the reign of Nerva, and having converted many to the faith, they were put to death in different manners by the judge Valerian during the persecution of Trajan.

In Persia, in the reign of the emperor Decius, the holy martyrs Maximus and Olympiades, who were beaten with rods and whips, and struck on their heads with clubs until they breathed their last.

At Ferentino, in Campania, St. Eutychius, martyr.

At Myra, in Lycia, St. Crescens, who consummated his martyrdom by fire.

Also the holy martyrs Theodorus and Pausilippus, who suffered under the emperor Adrian.

[04-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 27; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Corinth, the birthday of the holy martyrs Callistus and Charisius, with seven others, who were cast into the sea.

At Saragossa, in Spain, the birthday of eighteen holy martyrs, Optatus, Lupercus, Successus, Martial, Urbanus, Julia, Quinctilian, Pubilus, Fronto, Felix, Cæcilian, Eventius, Primitivus, Apodemius, and four others, who, it is said, bore the name of Saturninus. Under Dacian, governor of Spain, they were all together subjected to torments and slain. The glory of their martyrdom has been celebrated in verse by Prudentius.

In the same place, St. Encratis, a virgin and martyr who had her body lacerated, her breasts cut off, and her liver plucked out. As she survived these torments, she was confined in a prison until her ulcerated flesh putrefied.

In the same city, the Saints Caius and Crementius, who twice confessed the faith of Christ, and persevering in it, drank of the chalice of martyrdom.

Again in the same place, the martyr St. Lambert.

At Palencia, St. Turibius, bishop of Astorga, who with the aid of pope St. Leo, drove the heresy of Priscillian entirely out of Spain, and went to rest in the Lord with a great renown for miracles.

At Braga, in Portugal, the bishop St. Fructuosus.

The same day, St. Paternus, bishop of Avranches.

In Belgium, near Valenciennes, St. Drogo, confessor.

[04-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 27-28; complete entry
At Rome, St. Anicetus, pope and martyr, who obtained the palm of martyrdom in the persecution of Marcus Aurelius Antoninus.

In Africa, the birthday of blessed Mappalicus, and many others who were crowned with martyrdom, as is related by St. Cyprian in his epistle to the Martyrs and Confessors.

In the same country, the holy martyrs Fortunatus and Marcian.

At Antioch, the holy martyrs Peter, a deacon, and Hermogenes, his servant.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Elias, a priest, Paul and Isidore, monks.

At Vienne, St. Pantagathus, bishop.

At Tortona, St. Innocent, bishop and confessor.

At Citeaux, in France, the abbot St. Stephen, who was the first to live in the desert of Citeaux, and who joyfully welcomed St. Bernard and his companions when they came thither.

In the monastery of Chaise-Dieu, in the diocese of Clermont, St. Robert, confessor, founder and first abbot of that monastery.

[04-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 28; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Apollonius, a senator under the emperor Commodus and the prefect Perennius. Having been denounced as a Christian by one of his slaves, and being commanded to give an account of his faith, he composed an able work which he read in the Senate. He was nevertheless decapitated for Christ by the sentence of that body.

At Messina, the birthday of the holy martyrs, Eleutherius, bishop of Illyricum, and Anthia, his mother. Illustrious by his holiness of life and his power of working miracles, he was, in the reign of Adrian, laid on a bed of red-hot iron, on a gridiron, in a pan filled with boiling oil, pitch and rosin; he was cast to the lions, but, remaining unhurt, he finally had his throat pierced with a sword. His mother suffered a similar punishment.

In the same place, St. Corebus, prefect, who was converted to the faith by St. Eleutherius, and died by the sword.

At Brescia, St. Calocerus, a martyr, who was converted to Christ by Saints Faustinus and Jovita, and under the same Adrian terminated his glorious combat for the confession of the faith.

At Cordova, St. Perfect, priest and martyr, killed by the Moors for inveighing against the followers of Mahomet.

At Milan, St. Galdini, cardinal and bishop of that city, who, at the conclusion of a discourse against heretics, gave up his soul to God.

[04-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 28; complete entry
The birthday of St. Timon, one of the first seven deacons, who taught first at Berea. Afterwards while preaching the word of the Lord at Corinth, he was delivered to the flames by the Jews and the Greeks; but remaining uninjured, he ended his martyrdom by crucifixion.

At Melitine, in Armenia, the holy martyrs Hermogenes, Caius, Expeditus, Aristonicus, Rufus and Galatas, crowned on the same day.

At Collioure, in Spain, the holy martyr Vincent.

The same day, the holy martyrs Socrates and Denis, who were transpierced with lances.

At Jerusalem, St. Paphnutius, martyr.

At Canterbury, in England, St. Elphege, bishop and martyr.

At Antioch, in Pisidia, St. George, a bishop, who died in exile for the worship of sacred images.

At Rome, pope St. Leo IX., illustrious for his virtues and miracles.

In the monastery of Lobbes, St. Ursmar, bishop.

At Florence, St. Crescent, confessor, disciple of the blessed bishop Zenobius.

[04-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 28; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, the holy martyrs Sulpicius and Servilian, who were converted to the faith of Christ by the discourses and the miracles of the holy virgin Domitilla. Having refused to sacrifice to the idols, they were beheaded by Anian, prefect of the city, in the persecution of Trajan.

The same day, the holy martyrs Victor, Zoticus, Zeno, Acindinus, Cæsareus, Severian, Chrysophorus, Theonas, and Antoninus, who suffered martyrdom after undergoing various trials.

At Tomis, in Scythia, St. Theotimus, bishop, whose great sanctity and miracles procured him the veneration of unbelieving barbarians.

At Embrun, in France, St. Marcellin, first bishop of that city, who by divine inspiration came from Africa with his holy companions Vincent and Domninus, and converted to the faith of Christ the greatest portion of the inhabitants of the maritime Alps, by his preaching and the wonderful prodigies, which he still continues to work.

At Auxerre, St. Marcian, a priest.

The same day, St. Theodore, confessor, surnamed Trichinas, from the rough hair garment which he wore. He was renowned for many miracles, but especially for his power over the demons. From his body issues a liquid which imparts health to the sick.

[04-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 28-29; complete entry
At Canterbury, in England, St. Anselm, bishop and Doctor of the Church, who was renowned for sanctity and learning.

In Persia, the birthday of St. Simeon, bishop of Seleucia and Ctesiphon. He was arrested by order of Sapor, king of Persia, loaded with irons, and presented to the iniquitous tribunals. As he refused to adore the sun, and openly and courageously bore testimony to Jesus Christ, he was confined a long time in a dungeon with one hundred other confessors, among whom were bishops, priests, and clerics of various ranks. Afterwards Usthazanes, the king's foster-father, who had been converted from apostasy by Simeon, endured martyrdom with great constancy. The day after, which was the anniversary of our Lord's Passion, the companions of Simeon whom he had feelingly exhorted, were beheaded before his eyes, after which he met the same fate. With him suffered also several distinguished men: Abdechalas and Ananias, his priests, with Pusicius, the chief of the royal artificers. This last having encouraged Ananias, who seemed to falter, died a cruel death, having his tongue drawn out through a perforation made in his neck. After him, his daughter, who was a consecrated virgin, was put to death.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Arator, priest, Fortunatus, Felix, Silvius, and Vitalis, who died in prison.

Also, the Saints Apollo, Isacius, and Crotates, who suffered under Diocletian.

At Antioch, St. Anastasius Sinaita, bishop.

[04-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 29; complete entry
At Rome, on the Appian way, the birthday of St. Soter, pope and martyr.

In the same city, pope St. Caius, who was crowned with martyrdom, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Smyrna, the Saints Apelles and Lucius, who were among the first disciples of Christ.

The same day, many holy martyrs who, the year following the death of St. Simeon, and on the anniversary of the Passion of our Lord, were put to the sword for the name of Christ throughout Persia, under king Sapor. Among those who then suffered for the faith were the eunuch Azades, a favorite of the king; Milles, a bishop renowned for sanctity and miracles; the bishop Acepsimas, with one of his priests named James; also Aithalas and Joseph, priests; Azadan and Abdiesus, deacons, and many other clerics; Mareas and Bicor, bishops, with twenty other bishops, and nearly two hundred and fifty clerics; many monks and consecrated virgins, among whom was the sister of St. Simeon, called Tarbula, with her maid-servant, who were both killed in a most cruel manner by being tied to stakes and sawed in twain.

Also in Persia, the Saints Parmenius, Helimenas and Chrysotelus, priests, Lucas and Mucius, deacons, whose triumph is related in the Acts of Saints Abdon and Sennen.

At Alexandria, the birthday of the martyr St. Leonides, who suffered under Severus.

At Lyons, in the persecution of Antoninus Verus, St. Epipodius, who was arrested with Alexander, his companion, and after undergoing severe torments, consummated his martyrdom by decapitation.

At Sens, St. Leo, bishop and confessor.

At Anastasiopolis, St. Theodore, a bishop renowned for miracles.

[04-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 29; complete entry
The birthday of St. George, whose illustrious martyrdom is honored by the Church of God among the combats of other crowned martyrs.

At Valence, in France, the holy martyrs Felix, priest, Fortunatus and Achilleus, deacons, who were sent there to preach the word of God by blessed Irenæus, bishop of Lyons, and converted the greater portion of that city to the faith of Christ. These martyrs were cast into prison by the commander Cornelius, were a long time scourged, had their legs crushed, were bound to wheels in motion, and stifled with smoke whilst stretched on the rack, and finally died by the sword.

In Prussia, the birthday of St. Adalbert, bishop of Prague, and martyr, who preached the Gospel to the Poles and Hungarians.

At Milan, St. Marolus, bishop and confessor.

At Toul, in France, St. Gerard, bishop of that city.

[04-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 29; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Sabas, a military officer, who bravely confessed Christ before the judge when he was accused of visiting the Christians in prison. For this he was burned with torches and thrown into a caldron of boiling pitch, out of which he came uninjured. Seventy men were converted to Christ at the sight of this miracle, and as they all remained unshaken in the confession of the faith, they were put to the sword. Sabas, however, terminated his martyrdom by being cast into the river.

At Lyons, in France, during the persecution of Verus, the birthday of St. Alexander, martyr. After being imprisoned, he was so lacerated by the cruelty of those who scourged him, that his ribs and the interior of his body were exposed to view. Then he was fastened to the gibbet of the cross, on which he yielded up his blessed soul. Thirty-four others who suffered with him are commemorated on other days.

The same day, during the persecution of Diocletian, the holy martyrs Eusebius, Neon, Leontius, Longinus, and four others, were slain with the sword after enduring great torments.

In England, the demise of St. Mellitus, bishop. Being sent thither by St. Gregory, he converted to the faith the East-Saxons and their king.

At Elvira, in Spain, St. Gregory, bishop and confessor.

At Brescia, St. Honorius, bishop.

In Ireland, St. Egbert, priest and monk, a man of admirable humility and continency.

At Rheims, the holy virgins Bona and Doda.

[04-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 30; selected notices
At Alexandria, the birthday of blessed Mark, evangelist, disciple and interpreter of the apostle St. Peter. He wrote his gospel at the request of the faithful of Rome, and taking it with him, proceeded to Egypt and founded a church at Alexandria, where he was the first to announce Christ. Afterwards, being arrested for the faith, he was bound, dragged over stones and endured great afflictions. Finally he was confined to prison, where, being comforted by the visit of an angel, and even by an apparition of our Lord himself, he was called to the heavenly kingdom in the eighth year of the reign of Nero.

At Syracuse, the holy martyrs Evodius, Hermogenes, and Callistus.

At Antioch, St. Stephen, bishop and martyr, who suffered much from the heretics opposed to the Council of Chalcedon, and was precipitated into the river Orontes, in the time of the emperor Zeno.

In the same city, the Saints Philo and Agathopodes, deacons.

At Alexandria, the bishop St. Anian, disciple of blessed Mark, and his successor in the episcopate. With a great renown for virtue, he rested in the Lord.

At Lobbes, the birthday of St. Erminus, bishop and confessor.

[04-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 30; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Nicomedia, during the persecution of Diocletian, the birthday of St. Anthimus, bishop and martyr, who obtained the glory of martyrdom for the faith by decapitation. Nearly all his numerous flock followed him; the judge ordered some to be beheaded, some to be buried alive, and others to be put in boats and sunk in the sea.

At Tarsus, in Cilicia, the Saints Castor and Stephen, martyrs.

At Rome, the demise of the blessed pope Anastasius, a man most rich in his poverty, and filled with apostolic zeal, whom Rome, says St. Jerome, did not deserve to possess long, lest the capital of the world should be devastated under such a bishop; for shortly after his death Rome was taken and sacked by the Goths.

At Bologna, St. Tertullian, bishop and confessor.

At Brescia, the bishop St. Theophilus.

At Constantinople, the abbot St. John, who combated vigorously for the worship of holy images, under Leo the Isaurian.

[04-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 30-31; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Ravenna, the birthday of St. Vitalis, martyr, father of the saints Gervasius and Protasius. When he had taken up and reverently buried the body of blessed Ursicinus, he was arrested by the ex-consul Paulinus, and after being racked, and thrown into a deep pit, was over-whelmed with earth and stones, and by this kind of martyrdom went to Christ.

At Milan, the martyr St. Valeria, who was the wife of St. Vitalis.

At Atino, St. Mark, who being made bishop by the blessed apostle Peter, was the first to preach the Gospel to the inhabitants of that region, and received the crown of martyrdom in the persecution of Domitian, under the governor Maximus.

At Alexandria, the martyrdom of the virgin St. Theodora. For refusing to sacrifice to idols, she was led to a place of debauch; but a Christian, named Didymus, through the admirable providence of God, delivered her by quickly exchanging garments with her. He was afterwards decapitated, and crowned with her in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Eustratius.

The same day, the saints Aphrodisius, Caralippus, Agapius, and Eusebius, martyrs.

In Pannonia, St. Pollio, martyr, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Prusa, in Bithynia, the holy martyrs Patritius, bishop, Acatius, Menander, and Polyenus.

At Tarrazona, in Spain, St. Prudentius, bishop and martyr.

At Pelino, in Abruzzo, St. Pamphilus, bishop of Valva, illustrious by his charity towards the poor, and the gift of miracles. His body was buried at Solmona.

[04-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 31; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Paphos, in Cyprus, St. Tychicus, a disciple of the blessed apostle Paul, who called him in his epistles most dear brother, faithful minister, and fellow-servant in the Lord.

At Cirtha, in Numidia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Agapius and Secundinus, bishops, who, after a long exile in that city, added to the glory of their priesthood the crown of martyrdom. They suffered in the persecution of Valerian, during which the enraged Gentiles made every effort to shake the faith of the just. In their company, suffered Æmilian, soldier, Tertulla and Antonia, consecrated virgin, and a woman with her twin children.

The same day, seven robbers, who, being converted to Christ by St. Jason, attained to eternal life by martyrdom.

At Brescia, St. Paulinus, bishop and confessor.

In the monastery of Cluny, the abbot St. Hugh.

In the monastery of Molesmes, St. Robert, first abbot of the Cistercians.

[04-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 31; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Lambesa, in Numidia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Marian, lector, and James, deacon. The former, after having successfully endured vexations for the confession of Christ, in the persecution of Decius, was again arrested with his illustrious companion, and both being subjected to severe and cruel torments, during which they were twice miraculously comforted from heaven, finally fell by the sword with many others.

At Saintes, blessed Eutropius, bishop and martyr, who was consecrated bishop and sent to Gaul by St. Clement. After preaching for many years, he had his skull crushed for bearing testimony to Christ, and thus gained a victory by his death.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Amator, priest, Peter, monk, and Lewis.

At Novara, the martyrdom of the holy priest Lawrence, and some boys, whom he was educating.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Aphrodisius, priest, and thirty others.

At Ephesus, St. Maximus, martyr, who was crowned in the persecution of Decius.

At Fermo, in the Marches, St. Sophia, virgin and martyr.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Severus, bishop, who, among other prodigies, raised for a short time a dead man from the grave, in order to convict of falsehood the lying creditor of a widow and her children.

At Evorea, in Epirus, St. Donatus, a bishop, who was eminent for sanctity in the time of the emperor Theodosius.

At London, in England, St. Erconwald, a bishop celebrated for many miracles.

[05-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 31; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of the blessed apostles Philip and James. Philip, after having converted nearly all Scythia to the faith of Christ, went to Hierapolis, in Asia, where he was fastened to a cross, overwhelmed with stones, and thus terminated his life gloriously. James, who is also called the brother of our Lord, was the first bishop of Jerusalem. Being hurled down from a pinnacle of the temple, he had his legs broken, and being then struck on the head with a dyer's staff, he expired, and was buried near the temple.

In Egypt, St. Jeremias, prophet, who was stoned to death by the people at Taphnas, where he was interred. St. Epiphanius relates that the faithful were wont to pray at his grave, and to take away from it dust to heal those who were stung by serpents.

In France, in the province of Vivarais, blessed Andeol, subdeacon, who was sent from the East into Gaul with others by St. Polycarp to preach the word of God. Under the emperor Severus he was scourged with thorny sticks, and having his head split with a wooden sword into four parts, in the shape of a cross, terminated his martyrdom.

At Huesca, in Spain, the holy martyrs Orentius and Patience.

At Sion, in Switzerland, St. Sigismund, king of the Burgundians, who was drowned in a well, and afterwards became renowned for miracles.

At Auxerre, St. Amator, bishop and confessor.

At Auch, St. Orientius, bishop.

In England, the Saints Asaph, bishop, and Walburge, virgin.

At Bergamo, St. Grata, widow.

[05-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 31-32; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Alexandria, the birthday of St. Athanasius, bishop of that city and Doctor of the Church, most celebrated for sanctity and learning. Although almost all the world had formed a conspiracy to persecute him, he courageously defended the Catholic faith, from the reign of Constantine to that of Valens, against emperors, governors, and a multitude of Arian bishops, whose perfidious attacks forced him to wander as an exile over the whole earth without finding a place of security. At length, however, he was restored to his church, and after fighting many combats, and winning many crowns by his patience, he departed for heaven in the forty-sixth year of his priesthood, in the time of the emperors Valentinian and Valens.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Saturninus, Neopolus, Germanus, and Celestine, who after much suffering were thrown into prison, where they rested in the Lord.

Also the holy martyrs Exuperius and Zoe, his wife, with their sons, Cyriacus and Theodulus, who suffered under the emperor Adrian.

At Seville, St. Felix, deacon and martyr.

The same day, St. Vindemial, bishop and martyr, who with the holy bishops Eugenius and Longinus, combated the Arians by his teaching and miracles, and was decapitated by order of king Hunneric.

At Avila, in Spain, St. Secundus, bishop, who is also mentioned with others on the 15th of this month.

[05-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 32; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Jerusalem, the finding of the holy cross of our Lord, in the time of the emperor Constantine.

At Rome, on the Nomentan road, the holy martyrs Alexander, pope, Eventius and Theodulus, priests. Alexander was bound, imprisoned, racked, lacerated with hooks, burned, pierced in all his limbs with pointed instruments, and finally put to death, under the emperor Adrian and the judge Aurelian. Eventius and Theodulus, after a long imprisonment, were exposed to the flames, and then beheaded.

At Narni, St. Juvenal, bishop and confessor.

At Constantinople, the holy martyrs Alexander, soldier, and Antonina, virgin. In the persecution of Maximian, under the governor Festus, Antonina, having been condemned to remain in a house of debauch, was delivered by Alexander, who secretly exchanging garments with her, took her place. They were, tortured together, and both having their hands cut off, and being cast into the fire, were crowned at the end of their noble combat for the faith.

In Thebais, the holy martyrs Timothy and his wife Maura. The Arian prefect caused them to be tortured, and then fastened to a cross, on which remaining suspended and alive for nine days, and encouraging each other to persevere in the faith, they consummated their martyrdom.

At Aphrodisia, in Caria, the holy martyrs Diodorus and Rodopian, who were stoned to death by their fellow-citizens, in the persecution of Diocletian.

[05-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 32; complete entry
At Ostia, the birthday of St. Monica, mother of blessed Augustine, who has left us in the ninth book of his Confessions a beautiful sketch of her life.

At the metal mines of Phennes, in Palestine, the birthday of the blessed Silvanus, bishop of Gaza, who was crowned with martyrdom with many of his clerics by the command of Cæsar Galerius Maximian, in the persecution of Diocletian.

Also, thirty-nine holy martyrs, who were beheaded together after having been condemned to work in the same mines, to be branded with a hot iron, and to undergo other torments.

At Jerusalem, in the reign of Julian the Apostate, St. Cyriacus, bishop, who was murdered as he was visiting the holy places.

In Umbria, St. Porphyry, martyr.

At Nicomedia, the birthday of St. Antonia, martyr, who, for the confession of Christ, was cruelly tortured, subjected to diverse torments, suspended by one arm for three days, kept two years in prison, and finally delivered to the flames by the governor Priscillian.

At Lorch, in Austria, under the emperor Diocletian and the governor Aquilinus, the martyr St. Florian, who was precipitated into the river Enns, with a stone tied to his neck.

At Tarsus, St. Pelagia, virgin, who endured martyrdom under Diocletian by being shut up within a red-hot brazen ox.

At Cologne, St. Paulinus, martyr.

At Milan, St. Venerius, bishop, whose virtues are attested by St. John Chrysostom in the epistle which he wrote to him.

In the province of Perigord, St. Sacerdos, bishop of Limoges.

At Hildesheim, in Saxony, St. Godard, bishop and confessor, ranked among the Saints by Innocent II.

At Auxerre, St. Curcodomus, deacon.

[05-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 33; complete entry
At Rome, the feast of St. John before the Latin Gate. Being bound and brought to Rome from Ephesus by the order of Domitian, he was condemned by the Senate to be cast, near the said gate, into a vessel of boiling oil, from which he came out more healthy and vigorous than before.

At Antioch, St. Evodius, who, as the blessed Ignatius wrote to the people of Antioch, was consecrated first bishop of that city by the apostle St. Peter, and ended his life by a glorious martyrdom.

At Cyrene, St. Lucius, bishop, who is mentioned by St. Luke, in the Acts of the Apostles.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Heliodorus and Venustus, with seventy-five others.

In Cyprus, St. Theodotus, bishop of Cyrinia, who having undergone grievous afflictions under the emperor Licinius, at length yielded his soul to God, when peace was restored to the Church.

At Damascus, the birthday of the blessed John Damescene, renowned for sanctity and learning, who, by both the written and the spoken word, courageously resisted Leo the Isaurian, in defending the worship paid to sacred images. By order of this emperor his right hand was cut off, but commending himself to an image of the blessed Virgin Mary, which he had defended, his hand was immediately restored to him entire and sound.

At Carrhæ, in Mesopotamia, St. Protogenes, bishop.

In England, St. Eadbert, bishop of Lindisfarne, eminent for doctrine and piety.

At Rome, St. Benedicta, virgin.

At Salerno, the Translation of St. Matthew, apostle. His sacred body previously transferred from Ethiopia to various countries, was finally taken to Salerno, and there with great pomp placed in a church dedicated under his invocation.

[05-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 33; complete entry
At Cracow, in Poland, the birthday of St. Stanislaus, bishop and martyr, who was murdered by the wicked king Boleslas.

At Terracina, in Campania, the birthday of blessed Flavia Domitilla, virgin and martyr, niece of the Consul Flavius Clemens. She received the religious veil at the hands of St. Clement, and in the persecution of Domitian was exiled with many others to the island of Pontia, where she endured a long martyrdom for Christ. Taken afterwards to Terracina, she converted many to the faith of Christ by her teaching and miracles. The judge ordered the chamber in which she was with the virgins Euphrosina and Theodora, to be set on fire, and she thus consummated her glorious martyrdom. She is also mentioned with the holy martyrs Nereus ad Achilleus, on the 12th of this month.

The same day, St. Juvenal, martyr.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs Flavius, Augustus, and Augustine, brothers.

In the same city, St. Quadratus, martyr, who was frequently tortured in the persecution of Decius, and at last decapitated.

At Rome, St. Benedict, pope and confessor.

At York, in England, St. John, bishop renowned for his saintly life and miracles.

At Pavia, the bishop St. Peter.

At Rome, the translation of the body of St. Stephen, the first martyr, which was brought from Constantinople to Rome, and laid in the sepulchre of the martyr St. Lawrence in the field of Verano, where it is honored with great devotion by the pious faithful.

[05-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 33-34; complete entry
On Mount Gargano, the apparition of the Archangel St. Michael.

At Milan, the birthday of the holy martyr Victor, a Moor. He became a Christian in his youth, and served as soldier in the imperial army. When Maximian wished to force him to offer sacrifice to idols, he persevered with the greatest fortitude in the confession of the Lord. Being first beaten with rods, but without experiencing any pain, through the protection of God, and then having melted lead poured over him, which did him no injury whatever, he at length terminated the career of his glorious martyrdom by being beheaded.

At Constantinople, in the persecution of Diocletian and Maximian, St. Acathius, a centurion, who, being denounced as a Christian by the tribune Firmus, and cruelly tortured at Perinthus by the judge Bibian, was finally condemned to death at Byzantium by the proconsul Flaccinus. His body was afterwards miraculously brought to the shore of Syllacium, where it is preserved with due honor.

At Vienne, St. Denis, bishop and confessor.

At Auxerre, St. Helladius, bishop.

In the diocese of Besancon, St. Peter, bishop.

In Ireland, St. Wiro, bishop.

[05-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 34; complete entry
At Nazianzus, the birthday of St. Gregory, bishop and doctor of the church, surnamed the Theologian, because of his remarkable knowledge of divinity. At Constantinople, he restored the Catholic faith, which was fast waning, and repressed the rising heresies.

At Rome, St. Hermas, mentioned by the apostle St. Paul in the epistle to the Romans. Generously sacrificing himself, he became an offering acceptable to God, and adorned with virtues took his departure for the heavenly kingdom.

In Persia, three hundred and ten holy martyrs.

At Caglio, on the Flaminian road, the passion of St. Gerontius, bishop of Cervia.

In the castle of Windisch, the decease of St. Beatus, confessor.

At Constantinople, the translation of the apostle St. Andrew and the evangelist St. Luke, out of Achaia, and of Timothy, disciple of the blessed apostle Paul, from Ephesus. The body of St. Andrew, long after, was conveyed to Amalfi, where it is honored by the pious concourse of the faithful. From his tomb continually issues a liquid which heals diseases.

At Rome, also, the translation of St. Jerome, priest and doctor of the Church, from Bethlehem of Juda, to the basilica of St. Mary of the manger.

At Bari, in Apulia, the translation likewise of the holy bishop Nicholas, from Myra, a town of Lycia.

[05-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 34; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Latin road, the birthday of the holy martyrs Gordian and Epimachus. In the time of Julian the Apostate, the former was a long time scourged and finally decapitated for confessing the name of Christ. He was buried at night by the Christians, in a crypt to which, shortly before, the remains of the blessed martyr Epimachus had been translated from Alexandria, where he had been martyred for the faith of Christ.

In the land of Hus, the holy prophet Job, a man of wonderful patience.

At Rome, the blessed priest and martyr Calepodius, who was killed with the sword, by order of the emperor Alexander. His body was dragged through the city and thrown into the Tiber. It was afterwards found and buried by Pope Callistus. The consul Palmatius was also beheaded with his wife, his sons, and forty-two of both sexes belonging to his household; likewise, the senator Simplicius with his wife, and sixty-eight of his house; Felix also with his wife Blanda. The heads of all these martyrs were exposed over different gates of the city, to terrify the Christians.

Also, at Rome, on the Latin way, the birthday of the holy martyrs Quartus and Quinctus, whose bodies were translated to Capua.

At Lentini, in Sicily, the holy martyrs Alphius, Philadelpus, and Cyrinus.

At Smyrna, St. Dioscorides, martyr.

At Taranto, St. Cataldus, a bishop renowned for miracles.

At Milan, the finding of the bodies of the holy martyrs Nazarius and Celsus. The blessed bishop Ambrose found the body of St. Nazarius covered with blood still fresh, which he translated to the basilica of the Apostles, together with the body of the blessed boy Celsus, whom Nazarius had brought up, and whom Anolinus, in the persecution of Nero, had ordered to be struck with the sword on the 28th of July, the day when their martyrdom is commemorated.

At Madrid, St. Isidore, a laborer. Being renowned for miracles, pope Gregory XV. placed him in the number of the Saints.

[05-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 34-35; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Salarian road, the birthday of blessed Anthimus, priest, who, after having distinguished himself by his virtues and preaching, was precipitated into the Tiber, in the persecution of Diocletian. He was rescued by an angel, and restored to his oratory. Being afterwards decapitated, he went victoriously to heaven.

The same day, St. Evelius, martyr, who belonged to the household of Nero. On seeing the martyrdom of St. Torpes, he believed in Christ, and for Him was beheaded.

Also, at Rome, the holy martyrs Maximus, Bassus, and Fabius, who were put to death on the Salarian way, in the time of Diocletian.

At Camerino, the holy martyrs Anastasius and his companions, who were killed in the persecution of Decius, under the governor Antiochus.

At Osimo, in the March of Ancona, the holy martyrs Sisinus, a deacon, Diocletius and Florentius, disciples of the priest St. Anthimus, who consummated their martyrdom under Diocletian by being overwhelmed with stones.

At Varennes, St. Gangulpus, martyr.

At Vienne, St. Mamertus, bishop, who, to avert an impending calamity, instituted in that city the three days' Litanies immediately before the Ascension of our Lord. This rite was afterwards received and approved by the universal Church.

At Souvigny, the decease of St. Maieul, abbot of Cluny, whose life was distinguished for merits and holiness.

At San Severino, in the March of Ancona, St. Illuminatus, confessor.

[05-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 35; complete entry
At Rome, on the Ardeatine road, the holy martyrs Nereus and Achilleus, brothers, who first underwent a long exile for Christ in the island of Pontia with Flavia Domitilla, whose chamberlains they were. Afterwards they endured a most severe scourging. Finally, as the ex-consul Minutius Rufus endeavored by using the rack and fire to force them to offer sacrifices, they said, that having been baptized by the blessed Apostle Peter, they could by no means sacrifice to idols. They were beheaded, and their sacred relics, with those of Flavia Domitilla, were, by order of pope Clement VIII., solemnly transferred the day before this, from the sacristy of St. Adrian to their ancient church now repaired, in which they were formerly preserved.

In the same place, on the Aurelian road, the holy martyr Pancratius, who, at fourteen years of age, endured martyrdom by decapitation under Diocletian.

Also, at Rome, St. Denis, uncle of the same blessed Pancratius.

In Sicily, St. Philip Argyrio, who was sent to that island by the Roman Pontiff, and converted to Christ a great portion of it. His sanctity is particularly manifested by the deliverance of possessed persons.

At Salamis, in Cyprus, St. Epiphanius, a bishop of great erudition and profound knowledge of the holy Scriptures. He was also admirable for the sanctity of his life, his zeal for the Catholic faith, his charity to the poor, and the gift of miracles.

At Constantinople, St. Germanus, a bishop distinguished by virtues and learning, who with great courage reprehended Leo the Isaurian for promulgating an edict against holy images.

At Treves, St. Modoaldus, bishop.

At Calzada, St. Dominic, confessor.

[05-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 35; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Constantinople, under the emperor Diocletian and the proconsul Laudicius, the blessed Lucius, a priest and martyr, who first at Amphipolis endured many tribulations and torments for the confession of Christ, and then being led to Byzantium, suffered capital punishment.

At Heraclea, the martyr St. Glyceria, a native of Rome, who suffered under the emperor Antoninus and the governor Sabinus.

At Alexandria, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, who were killed by the Arians for the Catholic faith in the church of St. Theonas.

At Maestricht, St. Servatius, bishop of Tongres, whose grave, as a public sign of his merit, was free from snow during winter (though everything around was covered with it), until the inhabitants built a church over it.

In Palestine, St. John the Silent.

[05-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 35; complete entry
The birthday of the holy martyr Boniface, who suffered at Tarsus, in Cilicia, under Diocletian and Maximian. His body was subsequently carried to Rome, and buried on the Latin road.

In France, St. Pontius, martyr. Having by his preaching and his zeal converted to the faith of Christ the two Cæsars Philip, he obtained the palm of martyrdom under the emperors Valerian and Gallienus.

In Syria, the holy martyrs Victor and Corona, under the emperor Antoninus. Victor was subjected to various horrible torments by the judge Sebastian. As Corona, the wife of a certain soldier, was proclaiming him happy for his fortitude in his sufferings, she saw two crowns falling from heaven, one for Victor, the other for herself. She related this to all present, and was torn to pieces between two trees; Victor was beheaded.

In Sardinia, the holy martyrs Justa, Justina, and Henedina.

At Rome, pope St. Paschal, who took up from the crypts many bodies of the holy martyrs, and placed them honorably in various churches.

At Ferentino, in Tuscany, the holy bishop Boniface, who was renowned from his childhood for holiness and miracles, as is related by the blessed pope Gregory.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Pomponius, bishop.

In Egypt, St. Pachomius, an abbot, who erected many monasteries in that country, and wrote a monastic rule, which was dictated to him by an angel.

[05-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 36; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Spain, the Saints Torquatus, Ctesiphon, Secundus, Indaletius, Cæcilius, Hesychius, and Euphrasius, who were consecrated bishops at Rome by the holy apostles, and sent to Spain to preach the word of God. When they had evangelized various cities, and brought innumerable multitudes under the yoke of Christ, they rested in peace in various parts of that country: Torquatus at Cadiz, Ctesiphon at Vierco, Secundus at Avila, Indaletius at Portilla, Cæcilius at Elvira, Hesychius at Gibraltar, and Euphrasius at Anduxar.

At Evora, in Portugal, St. Mancius, martyr.

In the island of Chio, the birthday of blessed Isidore, martyr, in whose church is a well into which he is said to have been thrown. By drinking of the water from this well, the sick are frequently cured.

At Lampsacum, in Hellespont, the martyrdom of the Saints Peter, Andrew, Paul, and Dionysia.

At Fausina, in Sardinia, in the time of Diocletian and the governor Barbarus, St. Simplicius, a bishop, who consummated his martyrdom by being transpierced with a lance.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, the holy martyrs Cassius, Victorinus, Maximus, and their companions.

In Brabant, St. Dympna, virgin and martyr, daughter of an Irish king. By order of her father, she was beheaded for the faith of Christ and the preservation of her virginity.

[05-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 36; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Pisa, in Tuscany, the holy martyr Torpes, who filled a high office in the court of Nero, and was one of those of whom the apostle St. Paul wrote from Rome to the Philippians: "All the saints salute you, especially those that are of the house of Cæsar." For the faith of Christ, he was, by order of Satellicus, buffeted, cruelly scourged and delivered to the beasts to be devoured, but being uninjured, he at last terminated his martyrdom by decapitation on the 29th of April. His feast, however, is kept on this day, on account of the translation of his body.

The same day, St. Restituta, virgin and martyr, who was subjected to various kinds of tortures in Africa by the judge Proculus, in the reign of Valerian, and then put in a boat filled with pitch and tow, to be burnt to death on the sea. But the flame turned on those who had kindled it, and the saint yielded her spirit to God in prayer. Her body was, by divine providence, carried in the boat to the island of Ischia, near Naples, where it was received by the Christians with great veneration. A church was afterwards erected in her honor in that city by Constantine the Great.

At Noyon, the holy martyrs Heradius, Paul, and Aquilinus, with two others.

At Chalcedon, the holy martyrs Solochanus and his companions, soldiers under the emperor Maximian.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Adrio, Victor and Basilla.

At Wurzburg, St. Bruno, bishop and confessor.

[05-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 36-37; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Camerino, the holy martyr Venantius, who at fifteen years of age, with ten others, ended a glorious combat by being beheaded under the emperor Decius and the governor Antiochus.

In Egypt, St. Dioscorus, a lector, who was subjected by the governor to many various torments, such as the tearing off of his nails and the burning of his sides with torches; but a light from heaven having prostrated the executioners, the saint finally consummated his martyrdom by having red-hot metal applied to his body.

At Spoleto, St. Felix, a bishop, who obtained the palm of martyrdom under the emperor Maximian.

In Egypt, St. Potamon, bishop, a confessor under Maximian Galerius, and afterwards a martyr under the emperor Constantius, and the Arian governor Philagrius.

At Ancyra, in Galatia, the martyrs St. Theodotus, and the saintly virgins Thecusa, his aunt, Alexandra, Claudia, Faina, Euphrasia, Matrona, and Julitta. They were at first taken to a place of debauch, but the power of God having preserved them from evil, they had stones tied to their necks, and were plunged into a lake. For gathering their remains and burying them honorably, Theodotus was arrested by the governor, and after being horribly lacerated, was put to the sword, and thus received the crown of martyrdom.

At Upsal, in Sweden, St. Eric, king and martyr.

[05-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 37; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, the saintly virgin Pudentiana, who, after numberless tribulations, after burying with great respect many martyrs, and distributing all her goods to the poor for Christ's sake, departed from this world to go to heaven.

In the same city, St. Pudens, senator, father of the virgin just mentioned, who, being clothed with Christ in baptism by the apostles, preserved unspotted the robe of innocence until he received the crown of life.

Also, at Rome, on the Appian road, the birthday of the Saints Calocerus and Parthenius, eunuchs. The former was chamberlain to the wife of the emperor Decius, and the latter chief officer in another department. For refusing to offer sacrifice to idols, they were put to death.

At Nicomedia, the martyr St. Philoterus, son of the proconsul Pacian, who after much suffering under the emperor Diocletian, received the crown of martyrdom.

In the same city six holy virgins and martyrs. The principal one, named Cyriaca, having freely reproved Maximian for his impiety, was most severely scourged and lacerated, and then consumed with fire.

At Canterbury, St. Dunstan, bishop.

[05-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 37; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Salarian road, the birthday of St. Basilla, virgin, who was of royal race and betrothed to an illustrious personage. As she refused to marry him, he accused her of being a Christian. The emperor Gallienus gave orders that she should accept him or die by the sword. Answering that she had for her spouse the King of kings, she was transpierced with a sword.

At Nimes, in France, St. Baudelius, martyr. Being arrested, but refusing to sacrifice to idols, and remaining immovable in the faith of Christ, notwithstanding blows and tortures, he gained the palm of martyrdom by a precious death.

At Edessa, in Syria, the holy martyrs Thalalæus, Asterius, Alexander, and their companions, who suffered under the emperor Numerian.

In Thebais, St. Aquila, martyr to the faith, whose body was torn with iron combs.

At Bourges, in France, St. Austregisil, bishop and confessor.

At Brescia, St. Anastasius, bishop.

At Pavia, St. Theodore, bishop.

At Rome, St. Plautilla, wife of an ex-consul and mother of the blessed Flavia Domitilla. She was baptized by the apostle St. Peter, and after giving the example of all virtues, rested in peace.

[05-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 37; complete entry
In Mauritania (Morocco), the birthday of the holy martyrs Timothy, Polius, and Eutychius, deacons, who merited to be crowned together for dispensing the word of God in that region.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Polieuctus, Victorius, and Donatus.

At Cordova, St. Secundinus, martyr.

The same day, the holy martyrs Synesius and Theopompus.

At Cæsarea Philippi, the holy martyrs Nicostratus and Antiochus, tribunes, with other soldiers.

The same day St. Valens, bishop, who was put to death with three boys.

At Alexandria, the commemoration of the holy martyrs Secundus, a priest, and others, whom the Arian bishop George caused to be barbarously killed during the holy days of Pentecost, under the emperor Constantius.

Also, the saintly bishops and priests, who, being banished by the Arians, merited to be associated with holy confessors.

At Nice, in France, St. Hospitius, confessor, distinguished by the virtue of abstinence and the spirit of prophecy.

[05-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 38; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Langres, in France, the martyrdom of the holy bishop Desiderius, who visited the king as a suppliant in behalf of his people who were maltreated by the Vandal army. Being forthwith condemned to decapitation, he readily presented his neck, and being struck with the sword, died for the sheep committed to his charge and departed for heaven. With him suffered many of his flock, who are buried in the same city.

In Spain, the holy martyrs Epitacius, bishop, and Basileus.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Quintian, Lucius, and Julian, who merited eternal crowns by their sufferings, during the persecution of the Vandals.

In Cappadocia, the commemoration of the holy martyrs who died by having their legs crushed, in the persecution of Maximian Galerius. Also, in Mesopotamia, those martyrs who, at the same time, were suspended in the air with their heads downward. Being suffocated with smoke, and consumed with a slow fire, they consummated their martyrdom.

In the territory of Lyons, St. Desiderius, bishop of Vienne, who was crowned with martyrdom by being overwhelmed with stones by order of king Theodoric.

At Synnada, in Phrygia, St. Michael, bishop.

The same day, St. Mercurialis, bishop.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Euphebius, bishop.

At Norcia, the Saints Eutychius and Florentius, monks, mentioned by the blessed pope Gregory.

[05-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 38; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Antioch, the birthday of St. Manahen, foster-brother of Herod the Tetrarch. He was a doctor and prophet under the grace of the New Testament, and his remains now repose in the city of Antioch.

Also, blessed Joanna, wife of Chuza, Herod's steward, mentioned by the evangelist St. Luke.

At Porto, the birthday of St. Vincent, martyr.

At Brescia, St. Afra, martyr, who suffered under the emperor Adrian.

At Nantes, in Bretagne, in the time of the emperor Diocletian, the blessed martyrs Donatian and Rogatian, brothers, who, because of their constancy in the faith, were sent to prison, stretched on the rack, and lacerated. Finally, they were transpierced with a soldier's lance and beheaded.

In Istria, the holy martyrs Zoellus, Servilius, Felix, Silvanus, and Diocles.

The same day, the holy martyrs Meletius, military officer, and two hundred and fifty-two of his companions, who achieved their martyrdom by various kinds of deaths.

Also, the holy martyrs Susanna, Marciana, and Pallada, wives of the soldiers just mentioned, who were put to death with their young children.

At Milan, St. Robustian, martyr.

In the monastery of Lerins, St. Vincent, a priest eminent for learning and sanctity.

[05-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 38-39; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Salerno, the demise of the blessed pope Gregory VII., a most zealous protector and champion of ecclesiastical liberty.

At Rome, on the Nomentan road, the birthday of blessed Urban, pope and martyr, by whose exhortation and teaching many, among whom were Tiburtius and Valerian, received the faith of Christ and suffered martyrdom for it. He himself endured many afflictions for the Church of God, and was crowned with martyrdom by being beheaded in the persecution of Alexander Severus.

At Dorostorum, in Mysia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Pasicrates, Valentio, and two others, crowned with them.

At Milan, the holy bishop Denis, who for the Catholic faith was, by the Arian emperor Constantius, banished to Cappadocia, where he yielded his soul to God in a manner almost like that of the martyrs. His sacred body was sent to the blessed bishop Ambrose, at Milan, by bishop Aurelius, with the assistance, it is said, of St. Basil the Great.

At Rome, pope St. Boniface IV., who dedicated the Pantheon to the honor of blessed Mary of the Martyrs.

At Florence, the birthday of St. Zenobius, bishop of that city, renowned for holiness of life and glorious miracles.

In England, St. Aldhelm, bishop of Sherburn.

In the territory of Troyes, St. Leo, confessor.

At Veroli, in Campania, the translation of St. Mary, mother of James, whose sacred body is rendered illustrious by many miracles.

[05-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 39; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
Also, at Rome, St. Eleutherius, pope and martyr, who converted many noble Romans to the Christian faith. He sent the saints Damian and Fugatius to England, who baptized king Lucius with his wife and almost all his people.

In the same city, the holy martyrs Simitrius, priest, and twenty-two others, who suffered under Antoninus Pius.

At Athens, during the persecution of Adrian, the birthday of blessed Quadratus, a disciple of the Apostles, who collected through his zealous exertions the faithful dispersed by terror, and presented to the emperor an excellent apology of the Christian religion, worthy of an apostle.

At Vienne, St. Zachary, bishop and martyr, who suffered under Trajan.

In Africa, St. Quadratus, martyr, on whose festival St. Augustine preached a sermon.

At Todi, the birthday of the holy martyrs Felicissimus, Heraclius, and Paulinus.

In the territory of Auxerre, the passion of St. Priscus, martyr, with a great multitude of Christians.

At Canterbury, in England, St. Augustine, bishop, who was sent thither with others by the blessed pope Gregory and preached the Gospel of Christ to the English nation. Celebrated for virtues and miracles, he went peacefully to his rest in the Lord.

[05-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 39; complete entry
The demise of the Venerable Bede, priest, confessor and doctor, renowned for sanctity and learning.

The birthday of St. John, pope and martyr, who was called to Ravenna by the Arian king of Italy, Theodoric, and after languishing a long time in prison for the orthodox faith, terminated his life.

At Dorostorum, in Mysia, in the time of the emperor Alexander, the martyrdom of blessed Julius, a veteran soldier in retirement, who was arrested by the officials and presented to the governor Maximus. Having in his presence execrated the idols, and confessed the name of Christ with the utmost constancy, he was condemned to capital punishment.

At Sora, in the time of the emperor Aurelian and the proconsul Agathius, St. Restituta, virgin and martyr, who overcame in a combat for the faith the violence of the demons, the caresses of her family, and the cruelty of the executioners. Being finally beheaded with other Christians, she obtained the honor of martyrdom.

In the territory of Arras, St. Ranulph, martyr.

At Orange, in France, St. Eutropius, a bishop, illustrious for virtues and miracles.

[05-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 39; complete entry
At Canterbury, in England, St. Augustine, bishop, mentioned on the 26th of this month.

In Sardinia, the holy martyrs Æmilius, Felix, Priam, and Lucian, who were crowned after having combated for Christ.

At Chartres, in France, under the emperor Domitian, St. Caraunus, martyr, who was beheaded, and thus acquired the glory of martyrdom.

At Corinth, St. Helconides, martyr, who was first subjected to torments in the reign of the emperor Gordian, under the governor Perennius, and then again tortured under his successor Justin. But being liberated by an angel, she had her breasts cut off, was exposed to wild beasts and to fire, and at length terminated her martyrdom by decapitation.

Also, the martyrdom of the Saints Crescens, Dioscorides, Paul, and Helladius.

At Thecua, in Palestine, the saintly monks who became martyrs by being killed by the Saracens, in the time of Theodosius the Younger. Their sacred remains were gathered by the inhabitants of the place and preserved with the greatest veneration.

At Paris, St. Germanus, bishop and confessor, whose celebrity for holiness, merit, and miracles, has been transmitted to us by the writings of bishop Fortunatus.

At Milan, St. Senator, bishop, very renowned for virtues and learning.

At Urgel, in Spain, St. Justus, bishop.

At Florence, St. Podius, bishop and confessor.

[05-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 40; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Aurelian road, the birthday of St. Felix, pope and martyr, who was crowned with martyrdom under the emperor Aurelian.

At Torres, in Sardinia, the holy martyrs Gabinus and Crispulus.

At Antioch, the Saints Sycus and Palatinus, who endured many torments for the name of Christ.

At Ravenna, St. Exuperantius, bishop and confessor.

At Pavia, St. Anastasius, bishop.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the Saints Basil and his wife Emmelia, parents of St. Basil the Great, who lived in exile in the fastnesses of Pontus during the reign of Galerius Maximian, and after the persecution rested in peace, leaving their children the heirs of their virtues.

[05-31]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 40; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Petronilla, virgin, daughter of the blessed apostle Peter, who refused to marry the nobleman Flaccus. Being granted three days to deliberate, she gave herself up to fasting and prayer, and on the third day, after having received the sacrament of the body of Christ, she yielded up her soul.

At Aquileia, the holy martyrs Cantius, Cantian, and Cantianilla. For their attachment to the Christian faith, they were condemned to capital punishment with their tutor Protus, in the time of the emperors Diocletian and Maximian.

At Torres, in Sardinia, St. Crescentian, martyr.

At Comana, in Pontus, in the time of the emperor Antoninus, St. Hermias, a soldier. Being miraculously delivered from many horrible torments, he converted his executioner to Christ, and made him partaker of the crown which he himself obtained first by having his head struck off with the sword.

At Verona, St. Lupicinus, bishop.

At Rome, St. Paschasius, deacon and confessor, who is mentioned by the blessed pope Gregory.

[06-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 40-41; complete entry
At Rome, St. Juventius, martyr.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, blessed Pamphilus, priest and martyr, a man of remarkable sanctity and learning, and great charity to the poor. In the persecution of Galerius Maximian, he was tortured for the faith of Christ, under the governor Urbanus, and thrown into prison; then, being again subjected to torments under Firmilian, he consummated his martyrdom with others. With them suffered also Valens, deacon, and Paul, and nine others, whose commemoration occurs on other days.

At Autun, the Saints Reverian, bishop, and Paul, priest, with ten others, who were crowned with martyrdom under the emperor Aurelian.

In Cappadocia, in the time of the emperor Alexander and the prefect Simplicius, the holy martyr Thespesius, who, after undergoing many torments, was beheaded.

In Egypt, under the emperor Diocletian, the holy martyrs Ischyrion, military officer, and five other soldiers, who were put to death in different manners for the faith of Christ.

Also, St. Firmus, martyr, who was scourged most severely, struck with stones, and finally decapitated during the persecution of Maximian.

At Perugia, the holy martyrs Felinus and Gratinian, soldiers under Decius, who were variously tortured, and thus by a glorious death won the palm of martyrdom.

At Bologna, St. Proculus, martyr, who suffered under the emperor Maximian.

At Amelia, in the reign of Diocletian, St. Secundus, martyr, who consummated his martyrdom by being thrown into the Tiber.

At Citta-di-Castello, in Umbria, St. Crescentian, a Roman soldier, crowned with martyrdom under the same emperor.

In Umbria, St. Fortunatus, a priest renowned for virtues and miracles.

In the monastery of Lerins, the abbot St. Caprasius.

At Treves, St. Simeon, monk, who was added to the number of the Saints by pope Benedict IX.

At Burgos, in Spain, in the monastery of Onia, St. Eneco, Benedictine abbot, illustrious by his sanctity and miracles.

[06-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 41; complete entry
At Rome, the birthday of the holy martyr Marcellinus, priest, and Peter, exorcist, who instructed in the faith many persons detained in prison. Under Diocletian, they were loaded with chains, and, after enduring many torments, were beheaded by the judge Serenus, in a place which was then called the Black Forest, but which was in their honor afterwards known as the White Forest. Their bodies were buried in a crypt near St. Tiburtius, and pope St. Damasus composed for their tomb an epitaph in verse.

In Campania, during the reign of Decius, St. Erasmus, bishop and martyr, who was first scourged with leaded whips and then severely beaten with rods; he had also rosin, brimstone, lead, pitch, wax, and oil poured over him, without receiving any injury. Afterwards, under Maximian, he was again subjected to various most horrible tortures at Mola, but was still preserved from death by the power of God for the strengthening of others in the faith. Finally, celebrated for his sufferings, and called by God, he closed his life by a peaceful and holy end. His body was afterwards transferred to Gaeta.

At Lyons, many holy martyrs (Photinus, bishop, Sanctus, deacon, Vetius, Epagathus, Maturus, Ponticus, Biblis, Attalus, Alexander and Blandina, with many others), whose many valiant combats, in the time of Marcus Aurelius Antoninus and Lucius Verus, are recorded in a letter from the church at Lyons to the churches of Asia and Phrygia. St. Blandina, one of these martyrs, though weaker on account of her sex and frame, and of her lower condition in life, encountered longer and more terrible trials. But remaining unshaken, she was put to the sword, and followed those whom she had exhorted to win the palm of martyrdom.

At Rome, St. Eugenius, pope and confessor.

At Tarni, in Terra-di-Bari, St. Nicholas Peregrinus, confessor, whose miracles were related in the Roman Council, under Urban II.

[06-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 41; complete entry
At Arezzo, in Tuscany, during the persecution of Decius, under the governor Tiburtius, the holy martyrs Pergentinus and Laurentinus, brothers, who, while yet children, were put to the sword, after they had endured cruel torments and performed many miracles.

At Constantinople, the holy martyrs Lucillian and four boys, Claudius, Hypatius, Paul, and Denis. Lucillian, formerly a pagan priest, but now a Christian, was cast into a furnace with them, after undergoing many torments; but the flames being extinguished by the rain, all escaped uninjured. Finally, under the governor Silvanus, they terminated their career; Lucillian, by crucifixion, the children, by decapitation.

In the same city, St. Paula, virgin and martyr, who was arrested whilst gathering the blood of the martyrs just mentioned, beaten with rods, and thrown into the fire, from which she was delivered. Finally, when St. Lucillian had been crucified, she was decapitated.

At Cordova, in Spain, blessed Isaac, a monk, who died by the sword for the faith of Christ.

At Carthage, St. Cæcilius, the priest who converted St. Cyprian to the faith of Christ.

In the diocese of Orleans, St. Lifard, priest and confessor.

At Lucca, in Tuscany, St. Davinus, confessor.

At Paris, St. Clotilde, queen, by whose prayers her husband, king Clovis, was converted to the faith of Christ.

At Anagni, St. Oliva, virgin.

[06-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 41; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, the holy martyrs Aretius and Dacian.

At Sisseck, in Illyria, in the time of the governor Galerius, St. Quirinus, bishop. Prudentius relates that for the faith of Christ he was precipitated into a river, with a millstone tied to his neck; but as the stone floated on the water, he exhorted for a long time the Christians who were present not to be terrified by his punishment, nor to waver in the faith, and then God heard his prayers to be drowned, that he might attain to the glory of martyrdom.

At Brescia, St. Clateus, bishop and martyr, under the emperor Nero.

In Pannonia, the holy martyrs Rutilus and his companions.

At Arras, St. Saturnina, virgin and martyr.

At Tivoli, St. Quirinus, martyr.

At Constantinople, St. Metrophanes, bishop and renowned confessor.

At Milevis, in Numidia, St. Optatus, bishop, celebrated for learning and holiness.

At Verona, St. Alexander, bishop.

[06-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 41-42; complete entry
St. BONIFACE, bishop of Mayence, who came from England to Rome, and was sent by Gregory II. to Germany to preach the faith of Christ to the people of that country. Having converted large multitudes to the Christian religion, especially in Friesland, he merited the title of Apostle of the Germans. Being finally put to the sword by the furious Gentiles, he consummated his martyrdom with Eobanus and some other servants of God.

In Egypt, the birthday of the holy martyrs Marcian, Nicanor, Apollonius, and others, who suffered a glorious martyrdom in the persecution of Galerius Maximian.

At Perugia, the holy martyrs Florentius, Julian, Cyriacus, Marcellinus, and Faustinus, who were beheaded in the persecution of Decius.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the martyrdom of the Saints Zenaides, Cyria, Valeria, and Marcia, who through many torments attained to martyrdom rejoicing.

At Tyre, St. Dorotheus, a priest, who suffered much under Diocletian, but survived until the reign of Julian, under whom his venerable age was crowned with martyrdom, he being then one hundred and seven years old.

At Cordova, in Spain, blessed Sancius, a youth, who, though brought up in the royal court, did not hesitate to undergo martyrdom for the faith of Christ, during the persecution of the Arabs.

[06-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 42; complete entry
St. Norbert, bishop of Magdeburg, founder of the Premonstratensian Order.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the birthday of blessed Philip, one of the first seven deacons. Being renowned for miracles and prodigies, he converted Samaria to the faith of Christ, baptized the eunuch of Candaces, queen of Æthiopia, and finally rested in peace at Cæsarea. Near him are buried three of his daughters, virgins and prophetesses. His fourth daughter died at Ephesus, filled with the Holy Ghost.

At Rome, St. Artemius, with his wife Candida and his daughter Paulina. Artemius became a believer through the preaching and miracles of St. Peter the Exorcist, who was baptized with all his house by the priest St. Marcellinus. By order of the judge Serenus, he was scourged with whips strung with leaden balls, and struck with the sword. His wife and daughter were forced into a pit and overwhelmed with stones and earth.

At Tarsus, in Cilicia, in the time of Diocletian and Maximian, and the governor Simplicius, twenty holy martyrs who, by various torments, glorified God in their bodies.

At Noyon, in France, the holy martyrs Amatius, Alexander, and their companions.

At Fiesoli, in Tuscany, St. Alexander, bishop and martyr.

At Milan, the demise of St. Eustorgius II., bishop and confessor.

At Verona, St. John, bishop.

At Besancon, in France, St. Claude, bishop.

[06-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 42; complete entry
At Constantinople, the birthday of St. Paul, bishop of that city. For the Catholic faith, he was often expelled from his see by the Arians, and restored to it by the Roman Pontiff, St. Julius. Finally, the Arian emperor Constantius banished him to Cucusum, a small town of Cappadocia, where, by the machinations of the Arians, he was barbarously strangled, and thus departed for the heavenly kingdom. His body was conveyed to Constantinople with the greatest honor, in the reign of emperor Theodosius.

In Egypt, St. Licarion, martyr, who was lacerated, scourged with heated iron rods, and, after other horrible torments, was crowned with martyrdom by a stroke from the sword.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Peter, priest, Wallabonsus, deacon, Sabinian, Wistremundus, Habentius, and Jeremias, monks.

In England, the abbot St. Robert, of the Order of Citeaux.

[06-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 42; complete entry
At Aix, in France, St. Maximin, first bishop of that city, who is said to have been a disciple of our Lord.

The same day, St. Calliopa, martyr, who, for the faith of Christ, had her breasts cut off, her flesh burned, was rolled on broken pottery, and being lastly decapitated, received the palm of martyrdom.

At York, in England, St. William, archbishop and confessor, who, among other miracles wrought at his tomb, raised three persons from the dead. He was placed in the calendar of the Saints by Honorius III.

At Soissons, in France, the birthday of St. Medard, bishop of Noyon, whose life and precious death are illustrated by glorious miracles.

At Rouen, St. Gildard, bishop, brother of St. Medard. They were born on the same day, consecrated bishops at the same time, and being taken away from this life also on the same day, they entered heaven together.

At Sens, St. Heraclius, bishop.

At Metz, St. Clodulphus, bishop.

In the March of Ancona, St. Severin, bishop of Steptempeda.

In Sardinia, St. Sallustian, confessor.

At Camerino, St. Victorinus, confessor.

[06-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 42-43; complete entry
At Rome, on Mount Cælius, the birthday of the holy martyrs Primus and Felician, under the emperors Diocletian and Maximian. These glorious martyrs lived long in the service of the Lord, and endured sometimes together, sometimes separately, various cruel torments. They were finally beheaded by Promotus, governor of Nomentum, and thus happily ended their combat.

At Agen, in France, St. Vincent, deacon and martyr.

At Antioch, St. Pelagia, virgin and martyr, whose eulogy has been made by St. Ambrose and St. John Chrysostom.

At Syracuse, the bishop St. Maximian, who is frequently mentioned by pope St. Gregory.

At Andria, in Terra-di-Bari, St. Richard, first bishop of that city, who is renowned for miracles.

In Scotland, St. Columba, priest and confessor.

At Edessa, in Syria, St. Julian, a monk, whose memorable deeds have been related by the deacon St. Ephrem.

[06-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 43; complete entry
In Scotland, St. Margaret, queen, celebrated for her love of the poor and of voluntary poverty.

At Rome, on the Salarian road, the martyrdom of blessed Getulius, a noble and very learned man, and of his companions Cærealis, Amantius, and Primitivus. By order of the emperor Adrian, they were arrested by the ex-consul Licinius, scourged, thrown into prison, and then delivered to the flames. But as the fire did not injure them, their heads were crushed with clubs, and they thus terminated their martyrdom. Their bodies were taken up by Symphorosa, wife of blessed Getulius, and reverently interred in a sandpit on her own estate.

Also, at Rome, on the Aurelian way, the birthday of the Saints Basilides, Tripos, Mandales, and twenty other martyrs, under the emperor Aurelian, and Plato, governor of the city.

At Nicomedia, St. Zachary, martyr.

At Prusias, in Bithynia, St. Timothy, bishop and martyr, under Julian the Apostate.

In Spain, the holy martyrs Crispulus and Restitutus.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Aresius, Rogatus, and fifteen others.

At Cologne, St. Maurinus, abbot and martyr.

At Petra, in Arabia, St. Asterius, a bishop, who suffered much from the Arians for the Catholic faith. By the emperor Constantius he was banished to Africa, where he died a glorious confessor.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Maximus, bishop and martyr. For having vigorously defended the Nicene Creed, he was sent by the same emperor Constantius into exile, where he died worn out by his trials.

At Auxerre, St. Censurius, bishop.

[06-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 43; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of the apostle St. Barnabas, born in Cyprus. By the disciples, he was ordained apostle of the Gentiles with St. Paul, and with him traversed many regions, fulfilling his commission to preach the Gospel. At length he went to Cyprus, where he ennobled his apostolate by a glorious martyrdom. Through his own revelation his body was found, in the time of the emperor Zeno, together with a copy of St. Matthew's gospel copied with his own hand.

At Aquileia, the martyrdom of the saints Felix and Fortunatus, brothers. In the persecution of Diocletian and Maximian, they were racked, and had flaming torches held against their sides. These being extinguished by the power of God, boiling oil was poured over them, and as they persevered in confessing Christ, they were decapitated.

At Rome, the translation of St. Gregory Nazianzen, whose sacred body after having been brought from Constantinople to Rome, and kept a long time in the church of the Mother of God, was, by the Sovereign Pontiff, Gregory XIII., transferred with great solemnity to a chapel of the basilica of St. Peter, most sumptuously decorated by his Holiness, and the next day placed with due honor beneath the altar.

[06-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 43; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Aurelian road, during the persecution of Decius and under the prefect Aurelius, the birthday of the holy martyrs Basilides, Cyrinus, Nabor, and Nazarius, soldiers, who were cast into prison for the confession of the Christian name, scourged with scorpions, and finally decapitated.

At Nicæa, in Bithynia, St. Antonina, martyr, who was scourged by order of the governor Priscillian during the same persecution, then racked, lacerated, exposed to the fire, and finally put to the sword.

In Thrace, St. Olympius, a bishop, who was expelled from his see by the Arians, and died a confessor.

At Rome, in the Vatican basilica, the pope St. Leo III., to whom God miraculously restored his eyes and his tongue after they had been torn out by impious men.

In Cilicia, the bishop St. Amphion, a celebrated confessor of the time of Galerius Maximian.

In Egypt, St. Onuphrius, an anchoret, who for sixty years led a religious life in the desert, and renowned for great virtues and merits, departed for heaven. His admirable deeds were recorded by the abbot Paphnutius.

[06-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 43-44; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Ardeatine road, the birthday of St. Felicula, virgin and martyr, who was delivered to the judge for refusing to marry Flaccus and to sacrifice to idols. As she persevered in the confession of Christ, he confined her in a dark dungeon without food, and afterwards caused her to be racked until she expired. She was then cast into a sewer; but St. Nicomedes buried her on the road just mentioned.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Fortunatus and Lucian.

At Byblos, in Palestine, St. Aquilina, virgin and martyr, at the age of twelve years, under the emperor Diocletian and the judge Volusian. For the confession of the faith she was buffeted, scourged, pierced with red-hot bodkins, and being struck with the sword, consecrated her virginity by martyrdom.

In Abruzzo, St. Peregrinus, bishop and martyr. For the Catholic faith he was thrown into the river Pescara by the Lombards.

At Cordova, in the persecution of the Arabs, St. Fandila, a priest and monk, who underwent martyrdom by decapitation for the faith of Christ.

In Cyprus, St. Triphyllius, bishop.

[06-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 44; complete entry
At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the consecration of St. Basil, bishop and doctor of the Church, who was eminent for learning and wisdom in the time of the emperor Valens. Being adorned with every virtue, he was a great light in the Church, and defended her with admirable constancy against the Arians and Macedonians.

At Samaria, in Palestine, the holy prophet Eliseus, whose grave, says St. Jerome, makes the demons tremble. With him rests also the prophet Abdias.

At Syracuse, St. Marcian, bishop, who was made bishop by blessed Peter, and killed by the Jews after he had preached the Gospel.

At Soissons, the holy martyrs Valerius and Rufinus, who, after enduring many torments, were condemned to be beheaded by the governor Rictiovarus, in the persecution of Diocletian.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Anastasius, priest, Felix, monk, and Digna, virgin.

At Constantinople, St. Methodius, bishop.

At Vienne, St. Ætherius, bishop.

At Rhodez, St. Quinctian, bishop.

[06-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 44; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Basilicata, near the river Silaro, the birthday of the holy martyrs Vitus, Modestus, and Crescentia, who were brought thither from Sicily, in the reign of Diocletian, and after being plunged into a vessel of melted lead, after being exposed to the beasts, and on the pillory, from which torments they escaped uninjured through the power of God, they ended their religious combats.

At Dorostorum, in Mysia, St. Hesychius, a soldier, who was arrested with blessed Julius, and after him crowned with martyrdom, under the governor Maximus.

At Cordova, in Spain, St. Benildes, martyr.

At Zephirium, in Cilicia, St. Dulas, martyr, who, under the governor Maximus, was, for the name of Christ, scourged, laid on the gridiron, scalded with boiling oil, and after enduring other trials, received for his victory the palm of martyrdom.

At Palmyra, in Syria, the holy martyrs Libya and Leonides, sisters, and Eutropia, a girl of twelve years, who won the crown of martyrdom by various torments.

At Valenciennes, the decease of St. Landelin, abbot.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Abraham, confessor, illustrious by his holiness and miracles.

In Switzerland, on Mount Jou, St. Bernard of Menthon, confessor.

[06-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 44; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Besancon, in France, the holy martyrs Ferreol, priest, and Ferrution, deacon, who were sent by the blessed bishop Irenæus to preach the word of God, and after being exposed to various torments under the judge Claudius, were put to the sword.

At Tarsus, in Cilicia, in the reign of the emperor Diocletian, the holy martyrs Quiricus, and Julitta, his mother. Quiricus, a child of three years, seeing his mother cruelly scourged in the presence of the governor Alexander, and crying bitterly, was killed by being dashed against the steps of the tribunal. Julitta, after being subjected to severe stripes and grievous torments, closed the career of her martyrdom by decapitation.

At Mayence, the passion of the Saints Aurens, and Justina, his sister, and other martyrs, who, being at Mass in the church, were massacred by the Huns then devastating Germany.

At Amathonte, in Cyprus, St. Tychon, a bishop in the time of Theodosius the Younger.

At Lyons, the demise of blessed Aurelian, bishop of Arles.

At Nantes, in Brittany, St. Similian, bishop and confessor.

At Meissen, in Germany, St. Benno, bishop.

[06-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 45; complete entry
At Rome, during the persecution of Diocletian, the birthday of two hundred and sixty-two holy martyrs, who were put to death for the faith of Christ, and buried on the old Salarian road, at the foot of Cucumer hill.

At Terracina, St. Montanus, a soldier, who received the crown of martyrdom after suffering many torments, in the time of the emperor Adrian and the ex-consul Leontius.

At Venafro, the holy martyrs Nicander and Marcian, who were beheaded in the persecution of Maximian.

At Chalcedon, the holy martyrs Manuel, Sabel, and Ismael, whom the king of Persia sent as ambassadors to Julian the Apostate to treat of peace. Having firmly refused to worship idols, as they had been commanded by the emperor, they were put to the sword.

At Apollonia, in Macedonia, the holy martyrs Isaurus, deacon, Innocent, Felix, Jeremias, and Peregrinus, natives of Athens, who were tortured in different manners by the tribune Tripontius, and finally decapitated.

At Amelia, in Umbria, the bishop St. Himerius, whose body was translated to Cremona.

In the territory of Bourges, St. Gundulphus, bishop.

At Orleans, St. Avitus, priest and confessor.

In Phrygia, St. Hypatius, confessor.

Also, St. Bessarion, anchorite.

At Pisa, in Tuscany, St. Rainerius, confessor.

[06-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 45; complete entry
At Rome, on the Ardeatine road, in the persecution of Diocletian, the birthday of the saintly brothers Marcus and Marcellian, martyrs, who were arrested by the judge Fabian, tied to a stake, and had sharp nails driven into their feet. As they ceased not to praise the name of Christ, they were pierced through the sides with lances, and thus went to the kingdom of heaven with the glory of martyrdom.

At Malaga, in Spain, the holy martyrs Cyriacus, and the virgin Paula, who were overwhelmed with stones, and yielded up their souls to God.

At Tripoli, in Phœnicia, in the time of the governor Adrian, St. Leontius, a soldier, who, through bitter torments, attained to the crown of martyrdom, together with the tribune Hypatius and Theodulus, whom he had converted to Christ.

The same day, St. Ætherius, martyr, in the persecution of Diocletian. After enduring fire and other torments, he was put to death with the sword.

At Alexandria, the passion of St. Marina, virgin.

At Bordeaux, St. Amandus, bishop and confessor.

At Sacca, in Sicily, St. Calogerus, hermit, whose holiness is principally manifested by the deliverance of possessed persons.

At Schongau, St. Elizabeth, virgin, celebrated for her observance of monastic discipline.

[06-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 45; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Milan, the holy martyrs Gervasius and Protasius, brothers. The former, by order of the judge Astasius, was so long scourged with leaded whips, that he expired. The latter, after being scourged with rods, was beheaded. Through divine revelation their bodies were found by St. Ambrose. They were partly covered with blood, and as free from corruption as if they had been put to death that very day. When the translation took place, a blind man recovered his sight by touching their relics, and many persons possessed by demons were delivered.

At Ravenna, St. Ursicinus, martyr, who remained firm through many torments in the confession of the Lord, and consummated his martyrdom by capital punishment, under the judge Paulinus.

At Sozopolis, under the governor Domitian, during the persecution of Trajan, St. Zosimus, martyr, who suffered bitter tortures, was beheaded, and thus triumphantly went to heaven.

At Arezzo, in Tuscany, the holy martyrs Gaudentius, bishop, and Culmatius, deacon, who were murdered by the furious Gentiles, during the reign of Valentinian.

The same day, St. Boniface, martyr, a disciple of blessed Romuald, who was sent by the Roman Pontiff to preach the Gospel in Russia. Having passed through fire uninjured, and baptized the king and his people, he was killed by the enraged brother of the king, and thus gained the palm of martyrdom which he ardently desired.

At Ravenna, St. Romuald, anchoret, founder of the monks of Camaldoli, who restored and greatly extended monastic discipline, which was much relaxed in Italy. He is also mentioned on the 7th of February.

[06-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 45-46; complete entry
The birthday of St. Silverius, pope and martyr. For refusing to reinstate the heretical bishop Anthimus, deposed by his predecessor Agapitus, he was banished to the isle of Pontia, by Belisarius, at the instigation of the wicked empress Theodora, and, consumed by many tribulations for the Catholic faith, he expired.

At Rome, the demise of St. Novatus, son of the blessed senator Pudens, and brother of the saintly priest Timothy, and of the holy virgins of Christ Pudentiana and Praxedes, who were instructed in the faith by the Apostles. Their house was converted into a church, and bore the title of Pastor.

At Tomis, in Pontus, the holy martyrs Paul and Cyriacus.

At Petra, in Palestine, St. Macarius, a bishop who suffered much from the Arians, and was banished to Africa, where he rested in the Lord.

At Seville, in Spain, the holy virgin Florentina, sister of the holy bishops Leander and Isidore.

[06-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 46; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
Also, at Rome, St. Demetria, virgin, who was crowned with martyrdom under Julian the Apostate.

At Syracuse, in Sicily, the birthday of the holy martyrs Rufinus and Martia.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Cyriacus and Apollinaris.

At Mayence, St. Alban, martyr, who was made worthy of the crown of life, after long labors and severe combats.

The same day, St. Eusebius, bishop of Samosata, who, in the time of the Arian emperor Constantius, disguised himself under a military dress and visited the churches of God, to confirm them in the faith. By Valens he was banished into Thrace, but when peace was restored to the Church in the reign of Theodosius, he was recalled. As he again visited the churches, an Arian woman struck him with a tile, which fractured his skull and made him a martyr.

At Iconium, in Lycaonia, St. Terentius, bishop and martyr.

At Pavia, St. Urciscenus, bishop and confessor.

At Tongres, St. Martin, bishop.

In the diocese of Evreux, St. Leutfrid, abbot.

[06-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 46; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Nola, in Campania, the birthday of blessed Paulinus, bishop and confessor, who, although a most noble and wealthy man, made himself poor and humble for Christ; and what is still more admirable, became a slave to liberate a widow's son, who had been carried to Africa by the Vandals, when they devastated Campania. He was celebrated, not only for his learning and exceptional holiness of life, but also for his power over the demons. His great merit has been extolled by Saints Ambrose, Jerome, Augustine and Gregory, in their writings.

On Mount Ararat, the martyrdom of ten thousand holy martyrs, who were crucified.

At Verulam, in England, in the time of Diocletian, St. Alban, martyr, who gave himself up to save a cleric whom he had harbored. After being scourged and subjected to bitter torments, he was sentenced to capital punishment. With him suffered also one of the soldiers that led him to execution, who was converted to Christ on the way, and merited to be baptized in his own blood.

At Samaria, fourteen hundred and eighty holy martyrs, under Chosroes, king of Persia.

At Rome, the translation of St. Flavius Clemens, ex-consul and martyr, who was put to death for the faith of Christ by the emperor Domitian. His body was found in the basilica of pope St. Clement, and buried there with great pomp.

The same day, St. Nicæas, bishop of the town of Romatia, celebrated for his learning and holy life.

At Naples, in Campania, St. John, bishop, who was called to the kingdom of heaven by blessed Paulinus, bishop of Nola.

In the monastery of Cluny, St. Consortia, virgin.

[06-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 46; selected notices
At Rome, in the reign of Julian the Apostate, St. John, a priest, who was decapitated on the old Salarian road, before an idol of the sun. His body was buried near those of other martyrs by the blessed priest Concordius.

Also, at Rome, St. Agrippina, virgin and martyr, under the emperor Valerian. Her body was carried to Sicily, where it works many miracles.

At Sutri, in Tuscany, St. Felix, priest. By the command of the prefect Turcius, he was struck on the mouth with a stone until he breathed his last.

At Nicomedia, in the time of Diocletian, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, who concealed themselves in mountains and caverns, and joyfully underwent martyrdom for the name of Christ.

At Philadelphia, in Arabia, the holy martyrs Zeno, and Zenas, his slave. When the latter kissed the chains of his master, begging to be his partner in torments, he was arrested by the soldiers, and received the crown of martyrdom with him.

In England, St. Audry, queen and virgin, who departed for heaven with a great renown for sanctity and miracles. Her body was found without corruption eleven years afterwards.

[06-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, pp. 46-47; complete entry
The Nativity of St. John the Baptist, precursor of our Lord, son of Zachary and Elizabeth, who, while yet in his mother's womb, was filled with the Holy Ghost.

At Rome, in the time of Nero, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, who were accused of having set fire to the city, and cruelly put to death in various manners by the emperor's order. Some were covered with the skins of wild beasts and lacerated by dogs; others were fastened to crosses, others again were delivered to the flames to serve as torches in the night. All these were disciples of the Apostles, and the first fruits of the martyrs, which the Roman Church, a field so fertile in martyrs, offered to God before the death of the Apostles.

In the same city, the holy martyrs Faustus and twenty-three others.

At Satalis, in Armenia, seven saintly brothers, martyrs: Orentius, Heros, Pharnacius, Firminus, Firmus, Cyriacus and Longinus, who owe their martyrdom to the emperor Maximian. Because they were Christians, they were deprived of the military cincture by his command, separated from one another, hurried away to various places, and in the midst of painful trials, found their repose in the Lord.

In the diocese of Paris, at Creteil, the martyrdom of the Saints Agoardus and Aglibertus, with a multitude of others of both sexes.

At Autun, the demise of St. Simplicius, bishop and confessor.

At Lobbes, St. Theodulphus, bishop.

At Stilo, in Calabria, St. John, surnamed Therestus, distinguished for his fidelity to the monastic rule, and for his sanctity.

[06-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 47; complete entry
In the territory of Guletto, near Nusco, St. William, confessor, founder of the hermits of Mount Vergine.

At Beræa, the birthday of St. Sosipater, disciple of the blessed apostle Paul.

At Rome, St. Lucy, virgin and martyr, with twenty-two others.

At Alexandria, St. Gallicanus, ex-consul and martyr, who had been honored with a triumph, and was held in affection by the emperor Constantine. Converted by Saints John and Paul, he withdrew to Ostia with St. Hilarinus, and devoted himself entirely to the duties of hospitality and to the service of the sick. The report of such an event spread through the whole world, and from all sides many persons came to see a man who had been a senator and consul, washing the feet of the poor, preparing their table, serving them, carefully waiting on the infirm, and performing other works of mercy. Driven from this place by Julian the Apostate, he repaired to Alexandria, where, for refusing to sacrifice to idols, at the command of the judge Raucian, he was put to the sword, and thus became a martyr of Christ.

At Sibapolis, in Syria, under the governor Lysimachus, in the persecution of Diocletian, St. Febronia, virgin and martyr, who was scourged and racked for defending her faith and her chastity, then torn with iron combs and exposed to fire. Finally, having her teeth plucked out and her breasts cut off, she was condemned to capital punishment, and went to her spouse adorned with her sufferings as with so many jewels.

At Besancon, in France, St. Antidius, bishop and martyr, who was killed by the Vandals for the faith of Christ.

At Riez, St. Prosper of Aquitaine, bishop of that city, distinguished by his erudition and piety. He valiantly combated the Pelagians in defence of the Catholic faith.

At Turin, the birthday of St. Maximus, bishop and confessor, most celebrated for his learning and sanctity.

In Holland, St. Adelbert, confessor, disciple of the sainted bishop Willibrord.

[06-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 47; complete entry
At Rome, on Mount Cœlius, the holy martyrs John and Paul, brothers. The former was steward, the other secretary of the virgin Constantia, daughter of the emperor Constantine. Afterwards, under Julian the Apostate, they received the palm of martyrdom by being beheaded.

At Trent, St. Vigilius, bishop, who, whilst he endeavored to root out the remains of idolatry, was overwhelmed with a shower of stones by cruel and barbarous men, and thus endured martyrdom for the name of Christ.

At Cordova, in Spain, under the Saracen king Abderahman, the birthday of St. Pelagius, a young man who gloriously consummated his martyrdom for the faith by having his flesh torn to pieces with iron pincers.

At Valenciennes, the holy martyrs Salvius, bishop of Angouleme, and Superius.

Also, the commemoration of St. Anthelmus, bishop of Belley.

In Poitou, St. Maxentius, priest and confessor, renowned for miracles.

At Thessalonica, St. David, hermit.

The same day, St. Perseveranda, virgin.

[06-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 47; complete entry
In Galatia, St. Crescens, disciple of the blessed apostle Paul. In passing through Gaul, he converted many to the Christian faith by his preaching. Returning to the people for whom especially he had been made bishop, he maintained, to the end of his life, the Galatians in the service of the Lord, and finally consummated his martyrdom under Trajan.

At Cordova, St. Zoilus, and nineteen other martyrs.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Urbanus, St. Anectus, martyr. For having exhorted others to suffer martyrdom, and overthrown idols by his prayers, he was scourged by ten soldiers, had his hands and feet cut off, and by decapitation merited the crown of martyrdom.

At Constantinople, St. Sampson, a priest who harbored the poor.

At Warasdin, in Hungary, the holy king Ladislas, greatly renowned to this day for miracles.

[06-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 48; selected notices
At Rome, pope St. Leo II.

At Lyons, in France, St. Irenæus, bishop and martyr, who, as is related by St. Jerome, was the disciple of blessed Polycarp, bishop of Smyrna, and lived near the time of the Apostles. After having strenuously opposed the heretics by speech and writing, he was crowned with a glorious martyrdom, with almost all the people of his city, during the persecution of Severus.

At Alexandria, in the same persecution of Severus, the holy martyrs Plutarch, Serenus, Heraclides, catechumen, Heron, neophyte, another Serenus, Rhais, catechumen, Potamiœna and Marcella, her mother. Among them, the virgin Potamiœna is particularly distinguished. She first endured many most painful trials for the preservation of her virginity, and then cruel and unheard-of torments for the faith, after which she and her mother were consumed with fire.

The same day, during the persecution of Diocletian, St. Papius, martyr, who was scourged with knotted cords, cast into a caldron of seething oil and grease, and after other horrible torments, was decapitated, and thus won an eternal crown.

At Maestricht, St. Benignus, bishop and martyr.

At Cordova, St. Argymirus, monk and martyr, who was slain for the faith of Christ during the persecution of the Arabs.

At Rome, St. Paul, pope and confessor.

[06-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 48; complete entry
At Rome, the birthday of the holy apostles Peter and Paul, who suffered martyrdom on the same day, under the emperor Nero. Within the city the former was crucified with his dead downwards, and buried in the Vatican, near the Triumphal way, where he is venerated by the whole world. The latter was put to the sword and buried on the Ostian way, where he receives similar honors.

At Argenton, St. Marcellus, martyr, who was beheaded for the faith of Christ together with the soldier Anastasius.

At Genoa, the birthday of St. Syrius, bishop.

At Narni, St. Cassius, bishop of that city, of whom St. Gergory relates, that he permitted scarcely any day of his life to pass without offering the victim of propitiation to Almighty God; and he was well worthy to do it, for he distributed in alms all he possessed, and his devotion was such that abundant tears flowed from his eyes during the holy sacrifice. At last, he came to Rome on the birthday of the Apostles, as was his yearly custom, and after having solemnly celebrated Mass and given the Lord's body and the kiss of peace to all, he departed for heaven.

In Cyprus, St. Mary, mother of John, surnamed Mark.

In the territory of Sens, St. Benedicta, virgin.

[07-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 3; selected notices
On Mount Hor, the demise of St. Aaron, the first priest of the Levitical Order.

In England, the holy martyrs Julius and Aaron, who suffered after St. Alban, in the persecution of Diocletian. In the same country, a great number being at that time tortured in different manners and barbarously lacerated, ended their combat, and attained to the joys of the heavenly city.

At Mechlin, the martyrdom of St. Rumold, son of an Irish king, and bishop of Dublin.

At Sinuessa, the holy martyrs Castus and Secundinus, bishops.

At Vienne, St. Martin, bishop and disciple of the Apostles.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Gal, bishop.

In the diocese of Lyons, the decease of St. Domitian, abbot, who was the first to lead there an eremitical life. After having assembled in that place many servants of God, and gained great renown for virtues and miracles, he was gathered to his fathers at an advanced age.

In the diocese of Rheims, St. Theodoric, priest and disciple of the blessed bishop Remigius.

At Angouleme, St. Eparchius, abbot.

At Emesa, St. Simeon, surnamed Salus, confessor, who feigned to be an idiot for Christ; but God manifested his high wisdom by great miracles.

At Vicenza, the demise of St. Theobald, of the Counts of Campania, hermit, who was added to the number of the saints by Alexander III. on account of his holiness and miracles.

[07-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 3; complete entry
The Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary to Elizabeth.

At Rome, on the Aurelian road, the birthday of the holy martyrs Processus and Martinian, who were baptized by the blessed apostle Peter in the Mamertine prison. After being struck on the mouth, racked, scourged with thongs and whips tipped with pieces of metal; after being beaten with rods and exposed to the flames, they were beheaded in the days of Nero, and thus obtained the crown of martyrdom.

Also, at Rome, three holy soldiers, who were converted to Christ by the martyrdom of the blessed Apostle Paul, and with him merited to be made partakers of heavenly glory.

The same day, the holy martyrs Ariston, Crescentian, Eutychian, Urbanus, Vitalis, Justus, Felicissimus, Felix, Marcia, and Symphorosa, who were all crowned with martyrdom when the persecution of the emperor Diocletian was raging.

At Winchester, in England, St. Swithin, bishop, whose sanctity was illustrated by the gift of miracles.

At Bamberg, the holy bishop Otho, who preached the Gospel to the people of Pomerania, and converted them to the faith.

At Tours, the demise of St. Monegundes, a pious woman.

[07-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 3; complete entry
At Alexandria, St. Tryphon, and twelve other martyrs.

At Constantinople, the holy martyrs Eulogius and his companions.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, St. Hyacinthus, chamberlain of the emperor Trajan. Accused of being a Christian, he was scourged and thrown into prison, where, consumed with hunger, he breathed his last.

At Chiusi, in Tuscany, in the reign of the emperor Trajan, the holy martyrs Irenæus, deacon, and Mustiola, a matron, who were subjected to various atrocious tortures and merited the crown of martyrdom. The same day, the holy martyrs Mark and Mucian, who were put to the sword for Christ. As a small boy cried out to them not to sacrifice to idols, he was whipped, but confessing Christ all the more vigorously, he was killed with a man named Paul, who had also exhorted the martyrs.

At Laodicea, in Syria, St. Anatolius, a bishop, whose writings were admired not only by religious men, but even by philosophers.

At Altino, St. Heliodorus, a bishop distinguished for holiness and learning.

At Ravenna, St. Dathus, bishop and confessor.

At Edessa, in Mesopotamia, the translation of the apostle St. Thomas from India. His relics were afterwards taken to Tortona.

[07-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 3-4; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The prophets Osee and Aggæus.

In Africa, the birthday of St. Jucundian, a martyr who was drowned in the sea for Christ.

In the diocese of Bourges, St. Laurian, bishop of Seville and martyr, whose head was taken to Seville, in Spain.

At Sirmium, Saints Innocent and Sebastia, with thirty other martyrs.

At Madaurus, in Africa, the martyr Namphanion and his companions, whom he strengthened for the combat and led to the crown of martyrdom.

At Cyrene, in Lybia, the holy bishop Theodore. In the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Dignian, he was scourged with leaded whips, and had his tongue cut out. Finally, however, he died a confessor.

The same day, the birthday of the Saints Flavian II., bishop of Antioch, and Elias, bishop of Jerusalem, who were driven into exile by the emperor Anastasius, in defense of the Council of Chalcedon, and went victoriously to God.

At Augsburg, in Bavaria, St. Uldaric, a bishop illustrious for extraordinary abstinence, liberality, vigilance, and the gift of miracles.

At Tours, the translation of St. Martin, bishop and confessor, and the Dedication of his Basilica, which took place on the anniversary of his elevation to the episcopate some years previous.

[07-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 4; complete entry
The Octave of the holy apostles Peter and Paul.

In Judea, the holy prophet Isaias. In the reign of king Manasses he was put to death by being sawed in two and was buried beneath the oak Rogel, near a running stream.

At Rome, the birthday of St. Tranquillinus, martyr, father of the Saints Mark and Marcellian, who were converted to Christ by the preaching of the martyr St. Sebastian. Baptized by the blessed priest Polycarp, he was ordained priest by pope St. Caius. He was arrested while praying at the tomb of blessed Paul on the Octave of the Apostles, and stoned to death by the Pagans, and thus consummated his martyrdom.

At Fiesoli, in Tuscany, St. Romulus, bishop and martyr, disciple of the blessed apostle Peter, who commissioned him to preach the Gospel. After announcing Christ in many parts of Italy, he returned to Fiesoli, and was crowned with martyrdom with other Christians in the reign of Domitian.

In Campania, St. Dominica, virgin and martyr, in the time of the emperor Diocletian. For having destroyed idols, she was condemned to the beasts, but being uninjured by them, she was beheaded and departed for heaven. Her body is kept with great veneration at Tropea, in Calabria.

The same day, St. Lucia, martyr, a native of Campania. Being arrested and severely tortured by the lieutenant-governor Rictiovarus, she converted him to Christ. To them were added Antoninus, Severinus, Diodorus, Dion, and seventeen others, who shared their sufferings and their crowns.

In the vicinity of Treves, St. Goar, priest and confessor.

[07-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 4-5; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The holy bishops Cyril and Methodius, who are mentioned on the 9th of March.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Claudius, notary, Nicostratus, assistant prefect, Castorius, Victorinus, and Symphorian, who were brought to the faith of Christ by St. Sebastian, and baptized by the blessed priest Polycarp. Whilst they were engaged in searching for the bodies of the holy martyrs, the judge Fabian had them arrested, and for ten days he tried by threats and caresses to shake their constancy, but being utterly unable to succeed, he ordered them to be thrice tortured, and then precipitated into the sea.

At Durazzo, in Macedonia, the holy martyrs Peregrinus, Lucian, Pompeius, Hesychius, Papius, Saturninus, and Germanus, natives of Italy. In the persecution of Trajan, they took refuge in the town of Durazzo, where seeing the saintly bishop Astius hanging on a cross for the faith of Christ, they publicly declared themselves to be Christians, when, by order of the governor, they were arrested and cast into the sea.

At Alexandria, the birthday of St. Pantænus, an apostolic man, filled with wisdom. He had such an affection and love for the word of God, and was so inflamed with the ardor of faith and devotion, that he set out to preach the gospel of Christ to the Gentiles inhabiting the farthest recesses of the East. At length returning to Alexandria, he rested in peace, under Antoninus Caracalla.

At Brescia, St. Apollonius, bishop and confessor.

In Saxony, St. Willibald, first bishop of Eichstadt, who labored with St. Boniface in preaching the Gospel, and converted many nations to Christ.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Illidius, bishop.

At Urgel, in Spain, St. Odo, bishop.

In England, St. Hedda, bishop of the West-Saxons.

In England, St. Edelburga, virgin, daughter of an English king.

[07-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 5; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Asia Minor, the Saints Aquila and his wife Priscilla, of whom mention is made in the Acts of the Apostles.

At Porto, fifty holy soldiers, martyrs, who were led to the faith by the martyrdom of St. Bonosa, and baptized by the blessed pope Felix. They were put to death in the persecution of Aurelian.

In Palestine, in the reign of Diocletian, St. Procopius, martyr, who was brought from Scythopolis to Cæsarea, and upon his first resolute answer was beheaded by the judge Fabian.

At Constantinople, the holy Abrahamite monks, who resisted the emperor Theophilus by defending the worship of holy images, and suffered martyrdom.

At Wurtzburg, in Germany, St. Kilian, bishop, who was commissioned by the Roman Pontiff to preach the Gospel. After having converted many to Christ, he was put to death with his companions, Colman, a priest, and Totnan, a deacon.

At Rome, the blessed Eugenius II., pope. Having gained a great reputation for sanctity and prudence in his government of the monastery of Saints Vincent and Anastasius, he was raised to the Sovereign Pontificate and ruled over the universal Church with much holiness. Pope Pius IX. approved and confirmed the veneration paid to him.

At Treves, St. Auspicius, bishop and confessor.

[07-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 5; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, in the place called the Drop-ever-falling, the birthday of St. Zeno, and ten thousand two hundred and three other martyrs.

At Gortyna, in Crete, in the persecution of Decius, under the governor Lucius, St. Cyril, a bishop, who was thrown into the flames without being injured, though his bonds were burnt. The judge, struck with awe at so great a miracle, set him at liberty, but as the saint began again immediately to preach the faith of Christ with zeal, he was beheaded.

In the town of Thora, on lake Velino, in Italy, the martyrdom of the Saints Anatolia and Audax, under the emperor Decius. Anatolia, a virgin consecrated to Christ, cured, through the whole province of Picenum, many persons laboring under various infirmities, and made them believe in Christ. By order of the judge Fustinian, she was condemned to various kinds of punishments. She was cured of the sting of a serpent to which she had been exposed; a miracle which converted Audax to the faith. Finally she was transpierced with a sword, whilst her hands were extended in prayer. Audax was committed to prison, and being without delay sentenced to capital punishment, obtained the crown of a martyr.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Patermuthius, Copres, and Alexander, who were put to death under Julian the Apostate.

At Martula, St. Brixius, bishop. Under the judge Marcian, after having suffered much for the confession of our Lord, and converted to Christ a great multitude of people, he rested in peace.

[07-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 5-6; complete entry
At Rome, the martyrdom of the seven holy brothers, sons of the saintly martyr Felicitas, namely, Januarius, Felix, Philip, Sylvanus, Alexander, Vitalis, and Martial, in the time of the emperor Antoninus, under Publius, prefect of the city. Januarius, after being scourged with rods and detained in prison, died under the blows inflicted with leaded whips. Felix and Philip were scourged to death, Sylvanus was thrown headlong from an eminence. Alexander, Vitalis, and Martial were condemned to capital punishment.

Also, at Rome, in the persecution of Valerian and Gallienus, the holy virgins and martyrs Rufina and Secunda, sisters, who, after being subjected to torments, the one having her head split open, the other being decapitated, departed for heaven. Their bodies are kept with due honor in the Lateran Basilica, near the baptistery.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Januarius, Marinus, Nabor, and Felix, who were beheaded.

At Nicopolis, in Armenia, the holy martyrs Leontius, Mauritius, Daniel, and their companions, who after being tortured in different manners, were finally cast into the fire, and thus terminated their long martyrdom, in the time of the emperor Licinius and the governor Lysias.

In Pisidia, the holy martyrs Bianor and Silvanus, who merited an immortal crown by being decapitated, after enduring most bitter torments for the name of Christ.

At Iconium, St. Apollonius, martyr, who consummated his glorious martyrdom by death on the cross.

At Ghent, St. Amelberga, virgin.

[07-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 6; complete entry
At Rome, the blessed Pius, pope and martyr, who was crowned with martyrdom in the persecution of Marcus Aurelius Antoninus.

At Nicopolis, in Armenia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Januarius and Pelagia, who for four days were racked, torn with iron claws and pieces of earthenware, and thus achieved their martyrdom.

In the territory of Sens, St. Sidronius, martyr.

At Iconium, St. Marcian, martyr, who obtained the palm of martyrdom by many torments, under the governor Perennius.

At Sida, in Pamphylia, St. Cindeus, priest, in the time of the emperor Diocletian and the governor Stratonicus. After suffering many torments, he was thrown into the fire, but remaining uninjured, he yielded up his soul in prayer.

At Brescia, the holy martyrs Savinus and Cyprian.

At Bergamo, St. John, a bishop, who was killed by the Arians for defending the Catholic faith.

At Cordova, St. Abundius, a priest, crowned with martyrdom whilst preaching against the sect of Mahomet.

In the territory of Poitiers, St. Sabinus, confessor.

[07-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 6; complete entry
In the monastery of Passignano, near Florence, the abbot St. John Gualbert, founder of the Vallumbrosan Order.

At Milan, the holy martyrs Nabor and Felix, who suffered in the persecution of Maximian.

In Cyprus, St. Jason, one of the first disciples of Christ.

At Aquileia, the birthday of St. Hermagoras, disciple of the blessed evangelist Mark, and first bishop of that city. Whilst occupied in performing miraculous cures, in preaching frequently and bringing souls to repentance, he suffered many kinds of torments, and finally by capital punishment, merited an immortal triumph with his deacon Fortunatus.

At Lucca, in Tuscany, blessed Paulinus, who was consecrated first bishop of that city by St. Peter. Under Nero, after many combats, he terminated his martyrdom with some companions, at the foot of Mount Pisa.

The same day, the Saints Proclus and Hilarion, who won the palm of martyrdom after most bitter torments, in the time of the emperor Trajan and the governor Maximus.

At Lentini, St. Epiphana, who, after having her breasts cut off, died in the time of the emperor Diocletian and the governor Tertillus.

At Toledo, St. Marciana, virgin and martyr. For the faith of Christ, she was exposed to the beasts, torn to pieces by a bull, and was thus crowned with martyrdom.

At Lyons, St. Viventiolus, bishop.

At Bologna, St. Paternian, bishop.

[07-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 6; complete entry
At Rome, St. Anacletus, pope and martyr, who governed the Church of God after St. Clement, and shed lustre on it by a glorious martyrdom.

The same day, the holy prophets Joel and Esdras.

In Macedonia, blessed Silas, one of the first Christians. By the Apostles he was destined for the churches of the Gentiles with Paul and Barnabas. Filled with the grace of God, he zealously discharged the office of preaching, and after glorifying Christ by his sufferings, rested in peace.

Also, St. Serapion, martyr, who obtained the crown of martyrdom by fire, in the time of the emperor Severus and the governor Aquila.

In the island of Chio, in the time of the emperor Decius and the governor Numerian, the martyr St. Myrops. Being clubbed to death, he went to our Lord.

In Africa, the holy confessors Eugenius, the faithful and virtuous bishop of Carthage, and all the clergy of that church, to the number of about five hundred or more, among whom were many small children employed as lectors. In the persecution of the Vandals, under the Arian king Hunneric, they were subjected to scourging and starvation, and driven into a most painful banishment, which they bore with joy for God's sake. In their number were also two distinguished personages, the archdeacon Salutaris, and Muritta, occupying the second rank among the ministers of the church. Both had three times confessed the faith, and were illustrious by their sturdy perseverance in Christianity.

In Bretagne, St. Turian, bishop and confessor, a man of admirable simplicity and innocence.

[07-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 6-7; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Justus, soldier under the tribune Claudius. A miraculous cross appearing to him, he believed in Christ, was baptized, and bestowed his goods on the poor. Arrested afterwards by the prefect Magnetius, he was scourged, had a heated helmet put on his head, and was thrown into the fire, but without injury even to a hair of his head, Finally, he yielded up his soul in the confession of the Lord.

At Sinope, in Pontus, the martyrs St. Phocas, bishop of that city. Under the emperor Trajan, after having been imprisoned, bound, struck with the sword and exposed to the fire for Christ, he took his flight to heaven. His remains were brought to Vienne, in France, and deposited in the church of the holy apostles.

At Alexandria, St. Heraclas, bishop, whose fame was so great that the historian Africanus repaired to Alexandria to see him, as he himself testifies.

At Carthage, St. Cyrus, bishop, on whose festival St. Augustine spoke of him to his people.

At Como, St. Felix, first bishop of that city.

At Brescia, St. Optatian, bishop.

At Daventry, in Belgium, St. Marcellin, priest and confessor.

[07-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 7; complete entry
At Bamberg, St. Henry I., emperor, who kept perpetual chastity with his wife Cunegunde, and induced St. Stephen, king of Hungary, with nearly all his kingdom, to receive the faith of Christ.

At Porto, the birthday of the holy martyrs Eutropius, and the sisters Zosima and Bonosa.

At Carthage, blessed Catulinus, deacon, whose glories were proclaimed by St. Augustine in a sermon to his people, and the Saints Januarius, Florentius, Julia and Justa, martyrs, who were entombed in the church of St. Faustus.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Philip, Zeno, Narseus, and ten children.

In the island of Tenedos, St. Abudemius, a martyr, who suffered under Diocletian.

At Sebaste, St. Antiochus, a physician, who was decapitated under the governor Adrian. On seeing milk flowing from his wounds instead of blood, Cyriacus, his executioner, was converted to Christ and endured martyrdom.

At Pavia, St. Felix, bishop and martyr.

At Nisibis, the birthday of St. James, bishop of that city, a man celebrated for great holiness, miracles and erudition. He was one of those who confessed the faith during the persecution of Galerius Maximian, and afterwards, in the Council of Nicæa, condemned the perverse heresy of Arius, by opposing to it the doctrine of consubstantiality. It was also owing to his prayers, and those of bishop Alexander, that Arius received at Constantinople the condign punishment of his iniquity, the extravasation of his intestines.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Athanasius, bishop of that city, who suffered much from his wicked nephew Sergius, by whom he was driven from his see. Consumed with afflictions, he departed for heaven at Veroli, in the time of Charles the Bald.

At Palermo, the finding of the body of St. Rosalia, virgin of Palermo. Being miraculously discovered in the time of the Sovereign Pontiff, Urban VIII., it delivered Sicily from the plague in the year of the Jubilee.

[07-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 7; selected notices
The same day, the birthday of St. Faustus, a martyr, under Decius. He lived five days fastened on a cross, and being then pierced with arrows, he went to heaven.

At Sebaste, in Armenia, the holy martyrs Athenogenes, bishop, and ten of his disciples, in the time of the emperor Diocletian.

At Antioch, in Syria, the birthday of blessed Eustathius, bishop and confessor, celebrated for learning and sanctity. Under the Arian emperor Constantius, for the defence of the Catholic faith, he was banished to Trajanopolis, in Thracia, where he rested in the Lord.

The same day, St. Hilarinus, monk, who was arrested with St. Donatus in the persecution of Julian. As he would not sacrifice to idols, he was beaten with rods, and died a martyr at Arezzo, in Tuscany. His body was translated to Ostia.

At Treves, St. Valentine, bishop and martyr.

At Cordova, in Spain, St. Sisenandus, deacon and martyr, who was strangled by the Saracens for the faith of Christ.

At Saintes, in France, the holy martyrs Raineldes, virgin, and her companions, who were massacred by barbarians for the Christian faith.

At Bergamo, St. Domnio, martyr.

At Capua, St. Vitalian, bishop and confessor.

[07-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 7-8; complete entry
At Rome, St. Alexius, confessor, son of the senator Euphemian. Leaving his spouse untouched the night of his marriage, he withdrew from his house, and after a long pilgrimage returned to Rome, where he was for seventeen years harbored in his father's house as an unknown beggar, thus deluding the world by a new device. But after his death, becoming known through a voice heard in the churches of the city, and by his own writing, he was, under the Sovereign Pontiff, Innocent I., translated to the church of St. Boniface, where he wrought many miracles.

At Carthage, the birthday of the holy Scillitan martyrs Speratus, Narzales, Cythinus, Veturius, Felix, Acyllinus, Lætantius, Januaria, Generosa, Vestina, Donata, and Secunda. By order of the prefect Saturninus, after their first confession of the faith, they were sent to prison, nailed to pieces of wood, and finally beheaded. The relics of Speratus, with the bones of blessed Cyprian and the head of the martyr St. Pantaleon, were carried from Africa into France, and religiously placed in the basilica of St. John the Baptist at Lyons.

At Amastris, in Paphlagonia, St. Hyacinth, martyr, who died in prison after much suffering, under the prefect Castritius.

At Tivoli, St. Generosus, martyr.

At Constantinople, St. Theodota, martyr, under the Iconoclast Leo.

At Rome, the demise of pope St. Leo IV.

At Pavia, St. Ennodius, bishop and confessor.

At Auxerre, St. Theodosius, bishop.

At Milan, the virgin St. Marcellina, sister of the blessed bishop Ambrose, who received the religious veil from pope Liberius in the basilica of St. Peter at Rome. Her sanctity is attested by St. Ambrose in his writings.

At Venice, the translation of St. Marina, virgin.

[07-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 8; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Tivoli, in the time of the emperor Adrian, St. Symphorosa, wife of the martyr St. Getulius, with her seven sons, Crescens, Julian, Nemesius, Primitivus, Justinus, Stacteus, and Eugenius. Their mother, because of her invincible constancy, was first buffeted a long time, then suspended by her hair, and lastly thrown into the river with a stone tied to her body. Her sons had their limbs distended by pulleys and bound to stakes, and terminated their martyrdom by different kinds of death. The bodies were subsequently taken to Rome, and were found in the sacristy of St. Angelo in Piscina, under the Sovereign Pontiff, Pius IV.

At Carthage, St. Gundenes, virgin. By order of the proconsul Rufinus, she was four different times stretched on the rack for the faith of Christ, horribly lacerated with iron hooks, confined for a long time in a filthy dungeon, and finally put to the sword.

At Dorostorum, in Mysia, in the time of Julian the Apostate and the governor Capitolinus, St. Æmilian, martyr, who was cast into a furnace, and thus received the palm of martyrdom.

At Utrecht, St. Frederick, bishop and martyr.

In Spanish Galicia, St. Marina, virgin and martyr.

At Milan, in the reign of Maximian, the holy bishop Maternus. For the faith of Christ and the church entrusted to him, he was thrown into prison and often scourged. Finally he went to his rest in the Lord with a great renown for his repeated confession of the faith.

At Brescia, the birthday of St. Philastrius, bishop of that city, who in speech and writing combated heretics, especially the Arians, from whom he suffered much. Finally, he died in peace, renowned for miracles.

At Metz, in France, St. Arnulf, a bishop illustrious for holiness and the gift of miracles. He chose an eremitical life, and ended his blessed career in peace.

At Segni, St. Bruno, bishop and confessor.

At Forlimpopoli, in Æmilia, St. Ruffillus, bishop of that city.

[07-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 8; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The same day, the birthday of St. Epaphras, whom the apostle St. Paul calls his fellow-prisoner. By the same apostle he was consecrated bishop of Colossæ, where becoming renowned for his virtues, he received the palm of martyrdom for defending courageously the flock committed to his charge. His body lies at Rome in the basilica of St. Mary the Greater.

At Seville, in Spain, the martyrdom of the holy virgins Justa and Rufina. Arrested by the governor Diogenian, they were stretched on the rack and lacerated with iron claws, then imprisoned, and subjected to starvation and various tortures. Lastly Justa breathed her last in prison, and Rufina had her neck broken while confessing Christ.

At Cordova, St. Aurea, virgin, who repented of a fault she had committed, and in a second combat overcame the enemy by the shedding of her blood.

At Treves, St. Martin, bishop and martyr.

At Rome, pope St. Symmachus, who for a long time had much to bear from a faction of schismatics. At last, distinguished by holiness, he went to God.

At Verona, St. Felix, bishop.

At Scete, a mountain in Egypt, St. Arsenius, a deacon of the Roman church. In the time of Theodosius, he retired into a wilderness, where, endowed with every virtue and shedding continual tears, he yielded his soul to God.

In Cappadocia, the holy virgin Marcina, sister of St. Basil the Great and St. Gregory of Nyssa.

[07-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 8-9; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Antioch, St. Margaret, virgin and martyr.

On Mount Carmel, the holy prophet Elias.

The same day, the birthday of blessed Joseph, surnamed the Just, whom the Apostles selected with blessed Matthias for the apostleship, in the place of the traitor Judas. The lot having fallen upon Matthias, Joseph, notwithstanding, continued to preach and to advance in virtue, and after having sustained from the Jews many persecutions for the faith of Christ, happily ended his life in Judea. It is related of him that having drunk poison, he received no injury from it, because of his confidence in the Lord.

At Damascus, the holy martyrs Sabinus, Julian, Maximus, Macrobius, Cassia, and Paula, with ten others.

At Cordova, St. Paul, deacon and martyr. For rebuking Mahometan princes for their impiety and cruelty, and preaching Christ courageously, he was put to death, and went to his reward in heaven.

In Portugal, St. Wilgefortes, virgin and martyr, who merited the crown of martyrdom on a cross in defence of the faith and her chastity.

At Boulogne, in France, the abbot St. Wulmar, a man of admirable sanctity.

At Treves, St. Severa, virgin.

[07-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 9; complete entry
At Rome, the holy virgin Praxedes, who was brought up in all chastity and in the knowledge of the divine law. Assiduously attending to watching, prayer and fasting, she rested in Christ, and was buried near her sister Pudentiana, on the Salarian road.

At Babylon, the holy prophet Daniel.

At Marseilles, the birthday of St. Victor, a soldier. Because he refused to serve in the army and sacrifice to idols, he was thrust into prison, where he was visited by an angel, then subjected to various torments, and finally being crushed under a millstone, he ended his martyrdom. With him also suffered three soldiers, Alexander, Felician, and Longinus.

At Troyes, St. Julia, virgin and martyr.

In the same place, the martyrdom of the saints Claudius, Justus, Jucundinus, and five companions, in the time of the emperor Aurelian.

At Comana, in Armenia, the holy bishop and martyr Zoticus, who was crowned under Severus.

At Strasburg, St. Arbogastus, a bishop, renowned for miracles.

In Syria, the holy monk John, a companion of St. Simeon.

[07-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 9; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Marseilles, the birthday of St. Mary Magdalen, out of whom our Lord expelled seven demons, and who deserved to be the first to see the Saviour after He had risen from the dead.

At Philippi, St. Syntyches, mentioned by the blessed apostle Paul.

At Ancyra, in Galatia, the birthday of the martyr St. Plato. Under the lieutenant-governor Agrippinus, he was scourged, lacerated with iron hooks, and subjected to other most atrocious torments, and finally being beheaded, he rendered his invincible soul to God. The miracles he wrought in assisting the captives are attested in the Acts of the second Council of Nicæa.

In Cyprus, St. Theophilus, a prætor, who was apprehended by the Arabs, and as he could not be induced either by presents or threats to deny Christ, was put to the sword.

At Antioch, the holy bishop Cyril, who was distinguished for learning and holiness.

In the territory of Auvergne, St. Meneleus, abbot.

In the monastery of Blandine, the abbot St. Vandrille, celebrated for miracles.

At Scythopolis, in Palestine, St. Joseph, a count.

[07-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 9; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of the holy bishop Apollinaris, who was consecrated at Rome by the apostle Peter, and sent to Ravenna, where he endured for the faith of Christ many different tribulations. He afterwards preached the Gospel in Æmilia, where he converted many from the worship of idols. Finally, returning to Ravenna, he terminated his confession of Christ by a glorious martyrdom under the Cæsar Vespasian.

At Le Mans, in France, St. Liborius, bishop and confessor.

At Rome, St. Rasyphus, martyr.

In the same city, the martyrdom of St. Primitiva, virgin and martyr.

Also, the holy martyrs Apollonius and Eugenius.

The same day, the birthday of the holy martyrs Trophimus and Theophilus. who received their crown of martyrdom by being beaten with stones, scorched with fire, and finally struck with the sword, in the time of the emperor Diocletian.

In Bulgaria, many holy martyrs whom the impious emperor Nicephorus, whilst he was devastating the churches of God, put to death in various ways—by the sword, the halter, arrows, long imprisonment, and starvation.

At Rome, the saintly virgins Romula, Redempta, and Herundines, mentioned by pope St. Gregory in his writings.

[07-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 9-10; selected notices
At Tyro, in Tuscany, on lake Bolsena, St. Christina, virgin and martyr. Believing in Christ, and breaking up her father's gold and silver idols to give them to the poor, she was cruelly scourged by his command, subjected to other most severe torments, and thrown with a heavy stone into the lake, from which she was drawn out by an angel. Then under another judge, who succeeded her father, she bore courageously still more bitter tortures. Finally, after she had been shut up by the governor Julian in a burning furnace for five days without any injury, and after being cured of the sting of serpents, she ended her martyrdom by having her tongue cut out, and being pierced with arrows.

At Rome, on the Tiburtine road, St. Vincent, martyr.

At Amiterno, in Abruzzo, the martyrdom of eighty-three holy soldiers.

At Merida, in Spain, St. Victor, a military man, who, with his two brothers, Stercatius and Antinogenes, by various torments consummated his martyrdom in the persecution of Diocletian.

In Lycia, the holy martyrs Niceta and Aquilina, who were converted to Christ by the preaching of the blessed martyr Christopher, and gained the palm of martyrdom by being decapitated.

Also, the holy martyrs Meneus and Capito.

At Sens, St. Ursicinus, bishop and confessor.

[07-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 10; complete entry
St. JAMES the Apostle, brother of the blessed evangelist John, who was beheaded by Herod Agrippa about the feast of Easter. His sacred bones were on this day carried from Jerusalem to Spain, and placed in the remote province of Galicia, where they are devoutly honored by the far-famed piety of the inhabitants, and the frequent concourse of Christians, who visit them through piety and in fulfilment of their vows.

In Lycia, in the time of Decius, St. Christopher, martyr. Being scourged with iron rods, cast into the flames, from which he was saved by the power of Christ, and finally transfixed with arrows and beheaded, he completed his martyrdom.

At Barcelona, in Spain, during the persecution of Diocletian and under the governor Dacian, the birthday of the holy martyr Cucuphas. After overcoming many torments, he was struck with the sword, and thus went triumphantly to heaven.

In Palestine, St. Paul, a martyr, in the persecution of Maximian Galerius, and under the governor Firmilian. He was condemned to capital punishment, but having obtained a short respite to pray, he besought God with all his heart, first for his own countrymen, then for the Jews and the Gentiles, that they might embrace the true faith, next for the multitude of the spectators, and finally for the judge who had condemned him and the executioner that was to strike him; after which he received the crown of martyrdom by being beheaded.

In the same country, St. Valentina, a virgin, who was led to an altar to offer sacrifice, but overturning it with her foot, she was cruelly tortured, and being cast into the fire with another virgin, her companion, she went to her spouse.

At Forcono, in Abruzzo, the holy martyrs Florentius and Felix, natives of Sipontum.

At Cordova, St. Theodemirus, monk and martyr.

At Treves, St. Magnericus, bishop and confessor.

[07-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 10; complete entry
The departure out of this life of St. Anne, mother of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God.

At Philippi, in Macedonia, the birthday of St. Erastus, who was appointed bishop of that place by the blessed apostle Paul, and there crowned with martyrdom.

At Rome, on the Latin road, the holy martyrs Symphronius, Olympius, Theodulus, and Exuperia, who (as we read in the Acts of pope St. Stephen) were burnt alive, and thus obtained the palm of martyrdom.

At Porto, St. Hyacinth, martyr, who was first thrown into the fire, and then precipitated into a stream without being injured. Afterwards, under the emperor Trajan, being struck with the sword by the ex-consul Leontius, he terminated his life. His body was buried by the matron Julia, on her own estate near Rome.

Also, at Rome, St. Pastor, priest. His name is used to designate a cardinal's title in the church of St. Pudentiana, on the Viminal hill.

At Verona, St. Valens, bishop and confessor.

In the monastery of St. Benedict, near Mantua, St. Simeon, monk and hermit, who was renowned for many miracles, and at an advanced age rested in the Lord.

[07-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 10-11; complete entry
At Nicomedia, the martyrdom of St. Pantaleon, a physician. For the faith of Christ he was apprehended by the emperor Maximian, subjected to the torture and burned with torches, during which torments he was comforted by an apparition of our Lord. He ended his martyrdom by a stroke of the sword.

In the same city, St. Hermolaus, priest, by whose instructions blessed Pantaleon was converted to the faith. Also, the Saints Hermippus and Hermocrates, brothers. After many sufferings borne for the confession of Christ, they were condemned to capital punishment by the same Maximian.

At Nola, the holy martyrs Felix, Julia and Jucunda.

At Biseglia, in Apulia, the holy martyrs Maurus, bishop, Pantaleemon, and Sergius, who suffered under Trajan.

In the country of the Homerites (Arabia), the commemoration of the holy martyrs, who were delivered to the flames for faith of Christ, under the tyrant Dunaan.

At Cordova, in Spain, during the persecution of the Arabs, the holy martyrs George, deacon, Felix, Aurelius, Natalia, and Liliosa.

At Ephesus, the birthday of the seven holy sleepers, Maximian, Malchus, Martinian, Denis, John, Serapion, and Constantine.

At Auxerre, the demise of blessed Ætherius, bishop and confessor.

At Constantinople, blessed Anthusa, a virgin. Under Constantine Copronymus, after being scourged and banished, she rested in the Lord.

[07-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 11-12; complete entry
At Rome, in the reign of Decius, the holy Persian martyrs Abdon and Sennen, who were bound with chains, brought to Rome, scourged with leaded whips for the faith of Christ, and then put to the sword.

At Tuberbum Lucernarium, in Africa, the holy virgins and martyrs Maxima, Donatilla, and Secunda. The first two, in the persecution of Valerian and Gallienus, were forced to drink vinegar and gall, then scourged most severely, and stretched on the rack, burned on the gridiron, rubbed over with lime, afterwards exposed to the beasts with the virgin Secunda, twelve years old, but being untouched by them, they were finally beheaded.

At Assisi, in Umbria, St. Rufinus, martyr.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, St. Julitta, martyr. As she sought to recover through the courts the restitution of goods seized by an influential personage, the latter objected that, being a Christian, her cause could not be pleaded. The judge commanded her to offer sacrifice to the idols, that she might be heard. With great firmness, she refused, and being thrown into the fire, yielded her spirit to God, though her body remained uninjured by the flames. St. Basil the Great has proclaimed her praise in an excellent eulogy.

At Auxerre, St. Ursus, bishop and confessor.

[07-31]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 12; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Cæsarea, the martyrdom of the blessed martyr Fabius. As he refused to carry the ensign of the governor of the province, he was thrown into prison for some days, and as he persisted twice in confessing Christ when brought before the judge, he was condemned to capital punishment.

At Milan, during the persecution of Antoninus, St. Calimerius, bishop and martyr, who was arrested, covered with wounds, and pierced through the neck with a sword. He terminated his martyrdom by being precipitated into a well.

At Synnada, in Phrygia, the holy martyrs Democritus, Secundus and Denis.

In Syria, three hundred and fifty monks, who became martyrs by being slain by the heretics for defending the Council of Chalcedon.

At Ravenna, the departure from this world of St. Germanus, bishop of Auxerre, a man most renowned for his birth, faith, learning, and glorious miracles, who freed England completely from the heretical doctrines of the Pelagians.

At Tagaste, in Africa, St. Firmus, bishop, illustrious by a glorious confession of the faith.

[08-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 12; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, in the cemetery of Callistus, the birthday of St. Stephen, pope and martyr. In the persecution of Valerian, the soldiers suddenly entered whilst he was saying Mass, but he remained before the altar and concluded the sacred mysteries with intrepidity, and was beheaded on his throne.

At Nicæa, in Bithynia, the martyrdom of St. Theodota with her three sons. The eldest, named Evodius, confessing Christ with confidence, was first beaten with rods, by order of Nicetius, ex-consul of Bithynia, and then the mother, with all her sons, was consumed by fire.

In Africa, St. Rutilius, martyr. He had frequently secured safety from the perils of persecution by flight, and sometimes even by means of money, but at last, being unexpectedly apprehended, he was led to the governor, and subjected to many tortures. Afterwards he was cast into the fire, and thus merited the glorious crown of martyrdom.

At Padua, St. Maximus, bishop of that city, who ended his blessed life in peace, with a reputation for miracles.

[08-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 12-13; complete entry
At Jerusalem, the finding of the body of most blessed Stephen, first martyr, and of the Saints Gamaliel, Nicodemus, and Abibo, through a divine revelation made to the priest Lucian, in the time of the emperor Honorius.

At Constantinople, the birthday of St. Hermellus, martyr.

In the East Indies, near Persia, the martyrdom of holy monks and other Christians who were put to death after suffering various torments, during the persecution of the Church of God by king Abenner.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Aspren, bishop, who was cured of a sickness by the apostle St. Peter, and after being baptized, was made bishop of that city.

At Autun, the demise of St. Euphronius, bishop and confessor.

At Anagni, St. Peter, bishop, who rested in the Lord after gaining great renown for monastical observance and for pastoral vigilance.

At Philippi, in Macedonia, St. Lydia, a dealer in purple, who was the first to believe in the Gospel when the apostle St. Paul preached in that city.

At Berœa, in Syria, the holy women Marana and Cyra.

[08-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 13; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Thessalonica, the birthday of blessed Aristarchus, disciple and inseparable companion of the apostle St. Paul, who writes to the Colossians: "My fellow-prisoner Aristarchus salutes you." He was consecrated bishop of the Thessalonians by the same apostle, and after long sufferings under Nero, crowned by Christ, rested in peace.

At Rome, on the Latin road, the martyrdom of blessed Tertullinus, priest and martyr, in the time of emperor Valerian. After being cruelly beaten with rods, after having his sides burned, his mouth shattered; after being stretched on the rack and scourged with whips, he completed his martyrdom by being beheaded.

At Constantinople, the holy martyr Eleutherius, of the senatorial rank, who was put to the sword for Christ, in the persecution of Maximian.

In Persia, in the time of king Sapor, the holy martyr Ia and her companions, who, with nine thousand Christian captives, underwent martyrdom after having been subjected to various torments.

At Cologne, St. Protasius, martyr.

At Verona, St. Agabius, bishop and confessor.

At Tours, St. Euphronius, bishop.

At Rome, St. Perpetua, who was baptized by the blessed apostle Peter. She converted to the faith her son Nazarius and her husband Africanus, buried the remains of many holy martyrs, and finally went to our Lord endowed with an abundance of merit.

[08-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 13; complete entry
At Rome, on Mount Esquiline, the dedication of the church of St. Mary of the Snows.

Also at Rome, during the persecution of Diocletian, the martyrdom of twenty-three holy martyrs, who were beheaded on the Salarian road, and buried at the foot of Cucumer hill.

At Augsburg, the birthday of St. Afra, martyr. After being converted from Paganism by the instructions of bishop St. Narcissus, and being baptized with all her household, she was delivered to the flames for the confession of Christ.

At Ascoli, in the Marches, St. Emygdius, bishop and martyr, who was consecrated bishop by pope St. Marcellus, and sent thither to preach the Gospel. He received the crown of martyrdom for the confession of Christ, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Antioch, St. Eusignius, a soldier, who at the age of one hundred and ten years, because he reproached Julian the Apostate for forsaking the faith of Constantine the Great, under whom he had served, and for having degenerated from his ancestors' piety, was decapitated by his command. Also, the holy martyrs Cantidius, Cantidian, and Sobel, Egyptians.

At Chalons, in France, St. Memmius, a Roman citizen, who, being consecrated bishop of that city by St. Peter, brought to the truth of the Gospel the people committed to his care.

At Autun, blessed Cassian, bishop.

At Teano, St. Paris, bishop.

In England, St. Oswald, king, whose life is related by Venerable Bede.

The same day, St. Nonna, mother of blessed Gregory Nazianzen.

[08-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 13-14; complete entry
On Mount Thabor, the transfiguration of our Lord Jesus Christ.

At Rome, on the Appian road, in the cemetery of Callistus, the birthday of blessed Xystus II., pope and martyr, who received the crown of martyrdom in the persecution of Valerian, by being put to the sword.

Also, the holy martyrs Felicissimus and Agapitus, deacons of blessed Xystus; Januarius, Magnus, Vincent, and Stephen, subdeacons, all of whom were beheaded with him, and buried in the cemetery of Prætextatus. With them suffered also blessed Quartus, as is related by St. Cyprian.

At Burgos, in Spain, in the monastery of St. Peter of Cardegna, of the Order of St. Benedict, two hundred monks, with their abbot Stephen, who were put to death for the faith of Christ by the Saracens, and buried in the monastery by the Christians.

At Alcala, in Spain, the holy martyrs Justus and Pastor, brothers. While they were yet schoolboys, they threw aside their books in school, and spontaneously ran to martyrdom. By order of the governor Dacian, they were arrested, beaten with rods, and as they exhorted each other to constancy, were led out of the city, and had their throats cut by the executioner.

At Rome, St. Hormisdas, pope and confessor.

At Amida, St. James, a hermit renowned for miracles.

[08-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 14; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Arezzo, in Tuscany, the birthday of St. Donatus, bishop and martyr, who among other miraculous deeds, made whole again by his prayers (as is related by the blessed pope Gregory), a sacred chalice which had been broken by Pagans. Being apprehended by the imperial officer Quadratian, in the persecution of Julian the Apostate, and refusing to sacrifice to idols, he was struck with the sword, and thus consummated his martyrdom. With him suffered also the blessed monk Hilarinus, whose feast is celebrated on the 16th of July, when his body was taken to Ostia.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Peter and Julian, with eighteen others.

At Milan, St. Faustus, a soldier, who obtained the palm of martyrdom after many combats, in the time of Aurelius Commodus.

At Como, the passion of the holy martyrs Carpophorus, Exanthus, Cassius, Severinus, Secundus and Licinius, who were beheaded for the confession of Christ.

At Nisibis, in Mesopotamia, St. Dometius, a Persian monk, who was stoned to death with two of his disciples, under Julian the Apostate.

At Rouen, the holy bishop St. Victricius. Whilst he was yet a soldier under Julian, he threw away his military belt for Christ, and after being subjected by the tribune to many torments, was condemned to capital punishment. But the executioner who had been sent to put him to death being struck blind, and the confessor's chains being loosened, he made his escape. Afterwards being made bishop, by preaching the word of God, he brought to the faith of Christ the barbarous people of Belgic Gaul, and finally died a confessor in peace.

At Chalons, in France, St. Donation, bishop.

[08-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 14; complete entry
At Rome, the holy martyrs Cyriacus, deacon, Largus, and Smaragdus, with twenty others, who suffered on the 16th of March, in the persecution of Diocletian and Maximian. Their bodies were buried on the Salarian road by the priest John, but were on this day translated by pope St. Marcellus to the estate of Lucina, on the Ostian way. Afterwards they were brought to Rome, and placed in the Church of St. Mary in Via Lata (the title of a cardinal-deacon).

At Anzarba, in Cilicia, St. Marinus, an aged man, who was scourged, racked, and lacerated, and died by being exposed to wild beasts, in the time of the emperor Diocletian and the governor Lysias.

Also, the holy martyrs Eleutherius and Leonides, who underwent martyrdom by fire.

In Persia, St. Hormisdas, a martyr, under king Sapor.

At Cyzicum, in Hellespont, St. Æmilian, bishop, who ended his life in exile after having suffered much from the emperor Leo for the worship of holy images.

In Crete, St. Myron, a bishop renowned for miracles.

At Vienne, in France, St. Severus, priest and confessor, who undertook a painful journey from India in order to preach the Gospel in that city, and converted a great number of Pagans to the faith of Christ by his labors and miracles.

[08-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 14-15; selected notices
At Rome, St. Romanus, soldier, who was moved by the torments of blessed Lawrence to ask for baptism from him. He was immediately prosecuted, scourged, and finally beheaded.

In Tuscany, the birthday of the holy martyrs Secundian, Marcellian, and Verian. In the time of Decius, they were scourged by the ex-consul Promotus, then racked and torn with iron hooks. Being burned with fire applied to their sides, they merited the triumphant palm of martyrdom by having their heads struck off.

At Verona, the holy martyrs Firmus and Rusticus, in the time of the emperor Maximian.

In Africa, the commemoration of many holy martyrs, during the persecution of Valerian. Being exhorted by St. Numidicus, they obtained the palm of martyrdom by being cast into the fire, but Numidicus, although thrown into the flames with the others and overwhelmed with stones, was nevertheless taken out by his daughter. Found half dead, he was restored and deserved afterwards by his virtue to be made priest of the church of Carthage by blessed Cyprian.

At Constantinople, the holy martyrs Julian, Marcian, and eight others. For having set up the image of our Saviour on the brazen gate, they were exposed to many torments, and then beheaded by order of the impious emperor Leo.

At Chalons, in France, St. Domitian, bishop and confessor.

[08-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 15; selected notices
At Rome, on the Tiburtine road, the birthday of the blessed archdeacon Lawrence, a martyr during the persecution of Valerian. After much suffering from imprisonment, from scourging with whips set with iron or lead, from hot metal plates, he at last completed his martyrdom by being slowly consumed on an iron instrument made in the form of a gridiron. His body was buried by blessed Hippolytus and the priest Justin in the cemetery of Cyriaca, in the Veran field.

Also, at Rome, the martyrdom of one hundred and sixty-five holy martyrs, who were soldiers under the emperor Aurelian.

At Bergamo, St. Asteria, virgin and martyr, in the persecution of the emperors Diocletian and Maximian.

At Alexandria, the commemoration of the holy martyrs, in the persecution of Valerian, under the governor Æmilian. They were a long time subjected to various excruciating torments, and won the crown of martyrdom by different kinds of deaths.

At Carthage, the holy virgins and martyrs Bassa, Paula, and Agathonica.

At Rome, the holy confessor Deusdedit, a laboring man, who gave to the poor every Saturday what he had earned during the week.

[08-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 15; complete entry
At Rome, between the two laurels situated about three miles from the city, the birthday of St. Tiburtius, martyr, under the judge Fabian, in the persecution of Diocletian. After he had walked barefoot on burning coals and confessed Christ with increased constancy, he was put to the sword.

Also, at Rome, the holy virgin Susanna, a woman of noble race, and niece of the blessed Pontiff Caius. She merited the palm of martyrdom by being beheaded in the time of Diocletian.

At Comana, in Pontus, St. Alexander, bishop, surnamed Carbonarius, who added to a consummate knowledge of philosophy an eminent degree of Christian humility. He was promoted to the See of that church by St. Gregory Thaumaturgus, and became illustrious, not only by preaching, but also by suffering martyrdom by fire.

The same day, the martyrdom of St. Rufinus, bishop of the Marsi, and his companions, under the emperor Maximinus.

At Evreux, in France, St. Taurinus, bishop. Being made bishop of that city by the blessed pope Clement, he propagated the Christian faith by the preaching of the Gospel, and the many labors he sustained for it. Celebrated for glorious miracles, he slept in the Lord.

At Cambrai, in France, St. Gaugericus, bishop and confessor.

In the province of Valeria, St. Equitius, abbot, whose sanctity is attested by the blessed pope Gregory.

At Todi, St. Digna, virgin.

[08-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 15; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Catania, in Sicily, the birthday of St. Euplius, deacon, under the emperors Diocletian and Maximian. He was a long time tortured for the confession of the Lord, and finally obtained the palm of martyrdom by being put to the sword.

At Augsburg, St. Hilaria, mother of the blessed martyr Afra. Because she watched at the sepulchre of her daughter, she was cast into the fire for the faith of Christ, together with her maid-servants Digna, Euprepia, and Eunomia. On the same day there suffered also in that city Quiriacus, Largius, Crescentian, Nimmia, and Juliana, with twenty others.

In Syria, the holy martyrs Macarius and Julian.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs, the count Anicetus and his brother Photinus, with many others, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Faleria, in Tuscany, the Saints Gracilian, and Felicissima, virgin, who, for the confession of the faith, had their mouths bruised with stones, and being afterwards struck with the sword, received the palm of martyrdom.

The same day, the holy martyrs Porcarius, abbot of the monastery of Lerins, and five hundred monks, who were slain for the Catholic faith by barbarians, and were thus crowned with martyrdom.

At Milan, the demise of St. Eusebius, bishop and confessor.

At Brescia, St. Herculanus, bishop.

[08-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 15-16; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, blessed Hippolytus, martyr, who gloriously confessed the faith, under the emperor Valerian After enduring other torments, he was tied by the feet to the necks of wild horses, and being cruelly dragged through briars and brambles, and having all his body lacerated, he yielded up his spirit. On the same day, suffered also blessed Concordia, his nurse, who being scourged in his presence with leaded whips, went to our Lord; and nineteen others of his house, who were beheaded beyond the Tiburtine gate, and buried with him in the Veran field.

At Imola, the birthday of St. Cassian, martyr. As he refused to worship idols, the persecutor called the boys whom the saint taught and who hated him, giving them leave to kill him. The torment suffered by the martyr was the more grievous, as the hand which inflicted it, by reason of its weakness, rendered death more tardy.

At Todi, St. Cassian, bishop and martyr, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Burgos, in Spain, the Saints Centolla and Helena, martyrs.

At Constantinople, St. Maximus, a monk, distinguished for learning and for zeal for Catholic truth. Combating valiantly the Monothelites, he had his hands and tongue torn from him by the heretical emperor Constans, and was banished to Chersonesus, where he breathed his last. At this time, two of his disciples, both called Anastasius, and many others endured diverse torments and the hardships of exile.

In Germany, St. Wigbert, priest and confessor.

At Poitiers, St. Radegundes, queen, whose life was renowned for miracles and virtues.

[08-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 16; selected notices
At Rome, the birthday of the blessed priest Eusebius, who for the defense of the Catholic faith was shut up in a room of his own house by the Arian emperor Constantius, where constantly persevering in prayer for seven months, he rested in peace. His body was removed by the priests Gregory and Orosius, and buried in the cemetery of Callistus, on the Appian road.

In Dalmatia, St. Ursicius, a martyr, who was beheaded for Christ, after suffering various torments, under the emperor Maximian, and the governor Aristides.

In Africa, St. Demetrius, martyr.

At Apamea, in Syria, St. Marcellus, bishop and martyr, who was killed by the exasperated Gentiles, for having pulled down a temple of Jupiter.

At Todi, St. Callistus, bishop and martyr.

In the island of Ægina, St. Athanasia, widow, celebrated for monastical observance, and the gift of miracles.

[08-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 16; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The Assumption of the most holy Virgin Mary, Mother of God.

At Rome, on the Appian way, St. Tharsicius, acolyte. The Pagans accosted him as he was carrying the sacrament of Christ's body, and began to inquire what it was. But he judged it an unworthy thing to cast pearls before swine. They therefore beat him with sticks and stones until he expired. The sacrilegious searchers examined his body, but found no vestige of the sacrament of Christ, either in his hands or in his clothes. The Christians took up the body of the martyr, and buried it reverently in the cemetery of Callistus.

At Tagasta, in Africa, St. Alipius, bishop, who was the disciple of blessed Augustine, and the companion of his conversion, his colleague in the pastoral charge, his valiant fellow-soldier in combating heretics, and finally his partner in the glory of heaven.

At Soissons, in France, St. Arnulf, bishop and confessor.

At Alba, in Hungary, St. Stephen, king of the Hungarians, whose feast is celebrated on the 2d of September.

[08-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 16; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
St JOACHIM, father of the most blessed Virgin Mary, whose birthday is the 20th of March.

At Rome, St. Titus, deacon, who, when the city was taken by the Goths, was put to death by a barbarous tribune, whilst distributing money to the poor.

At Nicæa, in Bithynia, St. Diomedes, physician, who underwent martyrdom for the faith of Christ by being beheaded, during the persecution of Diocletian.

Also, thirty-three holy martyrs.

At Ferentino, in Campania, St. Ambrose, centurion. In the persecution of Diocletian, he was subjected to different kinds of tortures, and finally passing through fire without injury, was cast into the water, and thus reached the place of eternal rest.

At Milan, the demise of St. Simplician, bishop, renowned by the testimony given of him by St. Ambrose and St. Augustine.

At Auxerre, St. Eleutherius, bishop.

At Nicomedia, St. Arsacius, confessor. Under the persecutor Licinius, he left the military service, and leading a solitary life, became so famous for working miracles, that we read of his expelling the demons and killing a huge dragon by his prayers. Finally he foretold the destruction of the city, and gave up his soul to God in prayer.

At Rome, St. Serena, who had been the wife of the emperor Diocletian.

[08-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 16-17; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The Octave of St. Lawrence, martyr.

At Carthage, in Africa, the holy martyrs Liberatus, abbot, Boniface, deacon, Servus and Rusticus, subdeacons, Rogatus and Septimus, monks, and Maximus, a young child. In the persecution of the Vandals, under king Hunneric, they were subjected to various unheard-of torments for the confession of the Catholic faith and the defense of one baptism. Finally, being nailed to the wood wherewith they were to be burned, as the fire was always put out miraculously whenever kindled, they were struck with iron bars by order of the tyrant until their brains were dashed out. Thus they terminated the glorious series of their combats, and were crowned by our Lord.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the birthday of St. Mamas, martyr, who, from childhood to old age, endured a long martyrdom, and at length ended it happily in the reign of Aurelian, under the governor Alexander. He has been highly praised by the holy fathers Basil and Gregory Nazianzen.

In Achaia, St. Myron, priest and martyr, who was beheaded at Cyzicum, after undergoing many torments, in the time of the emperor Decius and the governor Antipater.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs Straton, Philip and Eutychian, who were condemned to the beasts, but being uninjured by them, ended their martyrdom by fire.

At Teramo, St. Anastasius, bishop and confessor.

At Ptolemais, in Palestine, the holy martyrs Paul, and his sister Juliana, who suffered under Valerian.

[08-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 17; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Palestrina, the birthday of the holy martyr Agapitus. Although only fifteen years of age, as he was fervent in the love of Christ, he was arrested by order of the emperor Aurelian, and scourged a long time. Afterwards, under the prefect Antiochus, he endured more severe torments, and being delivered to the lions by the emperor's order without receiving any injury, he was finally struck with the sword, and thus merited his crown.

At Rome, during the persecution of Diocletian, the blessed John and Crispus, priests, who charitably buried the bodies of many saints, and afterwards becoming partakers of their merits, they deserved the joys of eternal life.

In the same city, the holy martyrs Hermas, Serapion, and Polyænus. Being dragged through narrow, stony, and craggy places, they yielded up their souls to God.

In Dalmatia, the holy martyrs Florus and Laurus, stonecutters, who, after the martyrdom of Proculus and Maximus, their employers, were subjected to many torments under the governor Licion, and plunged into a deep well.

At Myra, in Lycia, the holy martyrs Leo and Juliana.

At Metz, in France, St. Firmin, bishop and confessor.

At Rome, on the Lavican road, St. Helena, mother of the pious emperor Constantine the Great, who was the first to set the example to other princes of protecting and extending the Church.

[08-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 17; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Julius, senator and martyr, who was delivered up to the judge Vitellius, and by him thrown into prison. By order of the emperor Commodus, he was beaten with rods until he expired. His body was buried in the cemetery of Calepodius on the Aurelian road.

In Cilicia, the birthday of St. Andrew, tribune, and his military companions, who were converted to Christianity through a miraculous victory they had gained over the Persians. Being accused on this account, they were massacred in the defiles of Mount Taurus by the army of the governor Seleucus, under the emperor Maximian.

In Palestine, St. Timothy, a martyr, in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Urbanus. After overcoming many torments, he was consumed with a slow fire.

In the same country suffered also Thecla and Agapius. The former being exposed to the beasts, was torn to pieces by their teeth, and went to her spouse; but Agapius, after enduring many torments, was reserved for greater combats.

At Anagni, St. Magnus, bishop and martyr, who was put to death in the persecution of Decius.

In the neighborhood of Sisteron, in France, blessed Donatus, priest and confessor. Being from his very infancy endowed with the grace of God in an extraordinary manner, he lived the life of an anchoret for many years, and after having been renowned for glorious miracles, went to Christ.

In the territory of Bourges, St. Marian, confessor.

At Mantua, St. Rufinus, confessor.

At Rome, blessed Urban II., pope, who followed in the footsteps of St. Gregory VII., in his zeal for learning and religion, and fired the crusaders with enthusiasm for the recovery of the holy places in Palestine from the power of the infidels. The veneration paid to him from time immemorial Pope Leo XIII. approved and confirmed.

[08-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 18; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In the territory of Langres, the demise of St. Bernard, first abbot of Clairvaux, illustrious for virtues, learning, and miracles. He was declared Doctor of the universal church by the Sovereign Pontiff, Pius VIII.

In Judea, the holy prophet Samuel, whose sacred relics (as is related by St. Jerome), were taken to Constantinople by the emperor Arcadius, and deposited near Septimus.

The same day, St. Lucius, senator, who was converted to the faith, on seeing the constancy of Theodore, bishop of Cyrene, during his martyrdom. He also converted the governor Dignian, with whom he set out for Cyprus, where, seeing other Christians crowned for the confession of the Lord, he offered himself voluntarily, and merited the same crown of martyrdom by having his head struck off.

In Thrace, in the time of the governor Apellian, thirty-seven holy martyrs, who had their hands and feet cut off for the faith of Christ, and were cast into a burning furnace.

Also, the holy martyrs Severus, and the centurion Memnon, who, suffering the same kind of death, went victoriously to heaven.

At Cordova, during the persecution of the Arabs, the holy martyrs Leovigildus and Christopher, monks, who were thrust into prison for the defence of the Christian faith, and soon after, by being beheaded and cast into the fire, obtained the palm of martyrdom.

At Rome, blessed Porphyry, a man of God, who instructed the holy martyr Agapitus in the faith and doctrine of Christ.

In the island of Noirmoutiers, St. Philibert, abbot.

At Chinon, St. Maximus, confessor, disciple of the blessed bishop Martin.

[08-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 18; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, in the Veran field, St. Cyriaca, widow and martyr. In the persecution of Valerian, after devoting herself and all her goods in the service of the saints, she gave up her life by suffering martyrdom for Christ.

At Salona, St. Anastasius, a law officer, who was converted to the faith by seeing the fortitude with which blessed Agapitus bore his torments, and being put to death by order of the emperor Aurelian, for confessing the name of Christ, went to Our Lord.

In Sardinia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Luxorius, Cisellus, and Camerinus, who were put to the sword in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Delphius.

In Gévaudan, St. Privatus, bishop and martyr, who suffered in the persecution of Valerian and Gallienus.

The same day, the holy martyrs Bonosus and Maximian.

At Fundi, in Campania, St. Paternus, a martyr, who came from Alexandria to Rome to visit the tomb of the Apostles. Thence he retired to the neighborhood of Fundi, where, being seized by the tribune whilst he was burying the bodies of the martyrs, he died in captivity.

At Edessa, in Syria, during the persecution of Maximian, the holy martyrs Bassa, and her sons Theogonius, Agapius, and Fidelis, whom their pious mother exhorted to martyrdom and sent before her bearing their crowns. Being herself beheaded, she joyfully followed them and shared their victory.

At Verona, St. Euprepius, bishop and confessor.

Also St. Quadratus, bishop.

[08-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 18-19; selected notices
At Rome, on the Ostian road, the birthday of the holy martyr Timothy. After he had been arrested by Tarquinius, prefect of the city, and kept for a long time in prison, as he refused to sacrifice to the idols, he was scourged three times, subjected to the most severe torments, and finally beheaded.

At Porto, St. Hippolytus, bishop, most renowned for learning. Having gloriously confessed the faith, in the time of the emperor Alexander, he was bound hand and foot, precipitated into a deep ditch filled with water, and thus received the palm of martyrdom. His body was buried by the Christians at that place.

At Autun, St. Symphorian, a martyr, in the time of the emperor Aurelian. Refusing to offer sacrifice to the idols, he was first scourged, then confined in prison, and finally ended his martyrdom by being beheaded.

At Rome, St. Antoninus, martyr, who, openly declaring himself a Christian, was condemned to capital punishment by the judge Vitellius, and buried on the Aurelian road.

Also, at Porto, the holy martyrs Martial, Saturninus, Epictetus, Maprilis, and Felix, with their companions.

At Nicomedia, the Saints Agathonicus, Zoticus, and their fellow-martyrs, under the emperor Maximian and the governor Eutholomius.

At Tarsus, the Saints Athanasius, bishop and martyr, Anthusa, a noble woman whom he had baptized, and two of her slaves, who suffered under Valerian.

At Rheims, the holy martyr Maurus and his companions.

In Spain, the saintly martyrs Fabrician and Philibert.

At Pavia, St. Gunifort, martyr.

[08-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 19; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Antioch, the birthday of the holy martyrs Restitutus, Donatus, Valerian, and Fructuosa, with twelve others, who were crowned after having distinguished themselves by a glorious confession.

At Ostia, the holy martyrs Quiriacus, bishop, Maximus, priest, Archelaus, deacon, and their companions, who suffered under the prefect Ulpian, in the time of Alexander.

At Ægæa, in Cilicia, the holy martyrs Claudius, Asterius, and Neon, brothers, who were accused of being Christians by their step-mother, under the emperor Diocletian, and the governor Lysias, and after enduring bitter torments, were fastened to a cross, and thus conquered and triumphed with Christ. After them suffered Donvina and Theonilla.

At Rheims, in France, the birthday of the Saints Timothy and Apollinaris, who merited to enter the heavenly kingdom by consummating their martyrdom in that city.

At Lyons, the holy martyrs Minervus, and Eleazar with his eight sons.

Also, St. Luppus, martyr, who, though a slave, enjoyed the liberty of Christ, and was likewise deemed worthy of the crown of martyrdom.

At Jerusalem, St. Zaccheus, bishop, who governed the church of that city the fourth after the blessed apostle James.

At Alexandria, St. Theonas, bishop and confessor.

At Utica, in Africa, blessed Victor, bishop.

At Autun, St. Flavian, bishop.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Sidonius, a bishop distinguished for learning and sanctity.

[08-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 19; complete entry
The apostle St. Bartholomew, who preached the Gospel of Christ in India. He passed thence into the Greater Armenia, where, after converting many to the faith, he was flayed alive by the barbarians, and beheaded by order of king Astyages, and thus he terminated his martyrdom. His sacred body was first carried to the island of Lipara, then to Benevento, and finally to Rome in the island of the Tiber, where it is venerated by the pious faithful.

At Carthage, three hundred holy martyrs, in the time of Valerian and Gallienus. Among other torments inflicted on them, a pit filled with burning lime was prepared by order of the governor, who, live coals with incense being brought to him, said to the confessors: "Choose one of these two things; to offer incense to Jupiter on these coals, or to cast yourselves into the lime." Armed with faith, and confessing Christ to be the Son of God, they quickly precipitated themselves into the pit, and amidst the vapors of the lime were reduced to dust. From this circumstance this blessed troop obtained the appellation of White Mass.

At Nepi, St. Ptolemy, bishop, disciple of the blessed apostle Peter. Being sent by him to preach the Gospel in Tuscany, he died a glorious martyr of Christ in the city of Nepi.

In the same place, St. Romanus, bishop of that city, who was the disciple of St. Ptolemy, and his companion in martyrdom.

At Ostia, St. Aurea, virgin and martyr, who was plunged into the sea with a stone tied to her neck. Her body, being cast on the shore, was buried by blessed Nonnus.

In Isauria, St. Tatio, martyr, who received the crown of martyrdom by being beheaded in the persecution of Domitian, under the governor Urbanus.

The same day, St. Eutychius, disciple of the blessed Evangelist John. He preached the Gospel in many countries, was subjected to imprisonment, to stripes and fire, and finally he rested in peace.

Also, St. George Limniota, monk. Because he reprehended the impious emperor Leo for breaking holy images and burning the relics of the saints, he had his hands cut off and his head burned by order of the tyrant, and went to our Lord to receive the recompense of a martyr.

At Rouen, St. Owen, bishop and confessor.

At Nevers, St. Patrick, abbot.

[08-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 19-20; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, in the time of the emperor Commodus, the holy martyrs Eusebius, Pontian, Vincent, and Peregrinus, who were first racked, distended by ropes, then beaten with rods and burned on their sides. As they continued faithfully to praise Christ, they were scourged with leaded whips until they expired.

Also, at Rome, St. Genesius, martyr, who embraced the profession of actor while he was yet a Pagan. One day he was deriding the Christian mysteries in the theatre in the presence of the emperor Diocletian; but by the inspiration of God he was suddenly converted to the faith and baptized. By the command of the emperor, he was forthwith most cruelly beaten with rods, then racked, and a long time lacerated with iron hooks, and burned with fire-brands. As he remained firm in the faith of Christ, and said: "There is no king besides Christ. Should you kill me a thousand times, you shall not be able to take Him from my lips or my heart," he was beheaded, and thus merited the palm of martyrdom.

At Italica, in Spain, St. Gerontius, a bishop, who preached the Gospel in that country in apostolic times, and after many labors died in prison.

At Arles, in France, another blessed Genesius, who, filling the office of notary, and refusing to record the impious edicts by which Christians were commanded to be punished, threw away his tablets publicly, and declared himself a Christian. He was seized and beheaded, and thus attained to the glory of martyrdom through baptism in his blood.

In Syria, St. Julian, martyr.

At Tarragona, St. Maginus, martyr.

At Constantinople, St. Mennas, bishop.

At Utrecht, St. Gregory, bishop.

At Naples, St. Patricia, virgin.

[08-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 20; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Zephirinus, pope and martyr.

In the same city, during the persecution of Valerian, the holy martyrs Irenæus and Abundius, who were thrown into a sewer from which they had taken the body of blessed Concordia. Their bodies were drawn out by the priest Justin, and buried in a crypt near St. Lawrence.

At Vintimigilia, a city of Liguria, St. Secundus, martyr, a distinguished man and officer in the Theban Legion.

At Bergamo, in Lombardy, St. Alexander, martyr, who was one of the same legion, and endured martyrdom by being beheaded for the constant confession of the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.

Among the Marcians, the Saints Simplicius, and his sons Constantius and Victorian, who were first tortured in different manners, and then being struck with the axe, obtained the crown of martyrdom, in the time of the emperor Antoninus.

At Nicomedia, the martyrdom of St. Adrian, son of the emperor Probus. For reproaching Licinius on account of the persecution raised against Christians, he was put to death by his order. His body was buried at Argyopolis by his uncle Domitius, bishop of Byzantium.

In Spain, St. Victor, martyr, who merited the crown of martyrs by being slain by the Moors for the faith of Christ.

At Capua, St. Rufinus, bishop and confessor.

At Pistoja, St. Felix, priest and confessor.

[08-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 20-21; complete entry
At Hippo Regius, in Africa, the birthday of St. Augustine, bishop and famous doctor of the Church. Converted and baptized by the blessed bishop Ambrose, he defended the Catholic faith with the greatest zeal against the Manicheans and other heretics, and after having sustained many other labors for the Church of God, he went to his reward in heaven. His relics, owing to the invasion of barbarians, were first brought from his own city into Sardinia, and afterwards taken by Luitprand, king of the Lombards, to Pavia, where they were deposited with due honors.

At Rome, the birthday of St. Hermes, an illustrious man, who, as we read in the Acts of the blessed pope Alexander, was first confined in prison, and afterwards ended his martyrdom by the sword, under the judge Aurelian.

At Brioude, in Auvergne, St. Julian, martyr, during the persecution of Diocletian. Being the companion of the blessed tribune Ferreol, and secretly serving Christ under a military garb, he was arrested by the soldiers, and killed in a barbarous manner by having his throat cut.

At Coutances, in France, St. Pelagius, martyr, who received the crown of martyrdom under the emperor Numerian and the judge Evilasius.

At Salerno, the holy martyrs Fortunatus, Caius, and Anthes, beheaded under the emperor Diocletian and the proconsul Leontius.

At Constantinople, the holy bishop Alexander, an aged and celebrated man, through whose efficacious prayers Arius, by the judgment of God, burst asunder and exposed his intestines.

At Saintes, St. Vivian, bishop and confessor.

Also, St. Moses, an Æthiopian, who gave up a life of robbery and became a renowned anchoret. He converted many robbers, and led them to a monastery.

[08-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 21; complete entry
The beheading of St. John the Baptist, who was put to death by Herod about the feast of Easter. However, the solemn commemoration takes place today, when his venerable head was found for the second time. It was afterwards solemnly carried to Rome, where it is kept in the church of St. Silvester, near Campo Marzio, and honored by the people with the greatest devotion.

At Rome, on Mount Aventine, the birthday of St. Sabina, martyr. Under the emperor Adrian, she was struck with the sword, and thus obtained the palm of martyrdom.

Also, at Rome, St. Candida, virgin and martyr, whose body was transferred to the church of St. Praxedes by pope Paschal I.

At Antioch, in Syria, the birthday of the holy martyrs Nicæas and Paul.

At Constantinople, the holy martyrs Hypatius, an Asiatic bishop, and Andrew, a priest, who for the worship of holy images, under Leo the Isaurian, after having their beards besmirched with pitch and set on fire, and the skin of their heads torn off, were beheaded.

At Perugia, St. Euthymius, a Roman, who fled from the persecution of Diocletian with his wife and his son Crescentius, and there rested in the Lord.

At Metz, St. Adelphus, bishop and confessor.

At Paris the demise of St. Merry, priest.

In England, St. Sebbi, king.

At Smyrna, the birthday of St. Basilla.

In the vicinity of Troyes, St. Sabina, a virgin, celebrated for virtues and miracles.

[08-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 21; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Ostian road, the martyrdom of the blessed priest Felix, under the emperors Diocletian and Maximian. After being racked he was sentenced to death, and as they led him to execution, he met a man who spontaneously declared himself a Christian, and was forthwith beheaded with him. The Christians not knowing his name, called him Adauctus, because he was added to St. Felix and shared his crown.

Also, at Rome, St. Gaudentia, virgin and martyr, with three others.

In the same city, St. Pammachius, a priest distinguished for learning and holiness.

At Colonia Suffetulana, in Africa, sixty blessed martyrs, who were murdered by the furious Gentiles.

At Adrumetum, also in Africa, the Saints Boniface and Thecla, who were the parents of twelve blessed sons, martyrs.

At Thessalonica, St. Fantinus, confessor, who suffered much from the Saracens, and was driven from his monastery, in which he had lived in great abstinence. After having brought many to the way of salvation, he rested at last at an advanced age.

In the diocese of Meaux, St. Fiacre, confessor.

At Trevi, St. Peter, confessor, who was distinguished for many virtues and miracles. He is honored in that place, whence he departed for heaven.

At Bologna, St. Bononius, abbot.

[08-31]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 21; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Treves, the birthday of St. Paulinus, a bishop, who was exiled for the Catholic faith by the Arian emperor Constantius, in the time of the Arian persecution. By having to change the place of his exile, which was beyond the limits of Christendom, he became wearied unto death, and finally, dying in Phrygia, received a crown from the Lord for his blessed martyrdom.

Also, the holy martyrs Robustian and Mark.

At Transaquæ, among the Marsi, near lake Celano, the birthday of the holy martyrs Cæsidius, priest, and his companions, who were crowned with martyrdom in the persecution of Maximinus.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the Saints Theodotus, Rufina, and Ammia. The first two were the parents of the martyr St. Mamas, who was born in prison, and whom Ammia brought up.

At Athens, St. Aristides, most celebrated for his faith and wisdom, who presented to the emperor Adrian a treatise on the Christian religion, containing the exposition of our doctrine. In the presence of the emperor, he also delivered a discourse in which he clearly demonstrated that Jesus Christ is the only God.

At Auxerre, St. Optatus, bishop and confessor.

In England, St. Aidan, bishop of Lindisfarne. When St. Cuthbert, then a shepherd, saw his soul going up to heaven, he left his sheep and became a monk.

At Nusco, St. Amatus, bishop.

[09-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 21-22; complete entry
In the province of Narbonne, St. Giles, abbot and confessor.

At Benevento, twelve saintly brothers, martyrs.

In Palestine, the Saints Josue and Gedeon.

At Jerusalem, blessed Anna, prophetess, whose sanctity is revealed in the Gospel.

At Capua, on the Aquarian road, St. Priscus, martyr, who was one of the ancient disciples of Christ.

At Rheims, in France, St. Xystus, disciple of the blessed apostle Peter, who was consecrated by him the first bishop of that city, and received the crown of martyrdom under Nero.

At Todi, in Umbria, St. Terentian, bishop and martyr. Under the emperor Adrian, he was racked, and scourged with whips set with metal by order of the proconsul Lætian, and finally, having his tongue cut out, he ended his martyrdom by undergoing capital punishment.

At Heraclea, St. Ammon, deacon, and forty holy virgins whom he instructed in the faith, and led with him to the glory of martyrdom, under the tyrant Licinius.

In Spain, the holy martyrs Vincent and Lætus.

At Piombino, in Tuscany, St. Regulus, martyr, who went thither from Africa, and consummated his martyrdom under Totila.

At Sens, St. Lupus, bishop and confessor, of whom it is related, that on a certain day, whilst he stood at the holy altar in presence of the clergy, a gem fell from heaven into the consecrated chalice which he was using.

At Capua, St. Priscus, bishop. He was one of those priests who were subjected to various trials for the Catholic faith during the persecution of the Vandals. Being put in an old ship on the coast of Africa, they reached the shores of Campania, and separating, they were placed at the head of various churches, and thus greatly extended the Christian religion. The companions of Priscus were Castrensis, Tammarus, Rosius, Heraclius, Secundinus, Adjutor, Mark, Augustus, Elpidius, Canion, and Vindonius.

At Aquino, St. Constantius, a bishop renowned for the gift of prophecy and many virtues.

At Le Mans, St. Victorius, bishop.

In Baden, in the diocese of Constance, St. Verena, virgin.

[09-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 22; complete entry
At Alba, in Hungary, St. Stephen, king of Hungary, who, being adorned with divine virtues, was the first to convert the Hungarians to the faith of Christ. He was received into heaven by the Virgin Mother of God, on the day of her Assumption. His feast, nevertheless, is commemorated on this day, according to the Constitution of pope Innocent XI., when the strong fortress of Buda was reconquered through the assistance of the holy king, by the brave Christian army.

At Rome, the holy martyr Maxima, who confessed Christ with St. Ansanus in the persecution of Diocletian, and yielded up her soul whilst she was beaten with rods.

At Pamiers, in France, St. Antoninus, martyr, whose relics are kept with great veneration in the church of Palencia.

Also, the holy martyrs Diomedes, Julian, Philip, Euthychian, Hesychius, Leonides, Philadelphus, Menalippus, and Pantagapas. They consummated their martyrdom, some by fire, some by water, others by the sword or by the cross.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyr Zeno, and his sons Concordius and Theodore.

The same day, the martyrdom of the Saints Evodius and Hermogenes, brothers, and Callista, their sister.

At Lyons, in France, St. Justus, bishop and confessor, who was endowed with extraordinary sanctity, and a prophetic spirit. He resigned his bishopric, and retired into a desert of Egypt, with his lector Viator. When he had for some years led an almost angelical life, and the end of his meritorious labors had come, he went to our Lord to receive the crown of justice, on the 14th day of October. His holy body, together with the relics of his blessed lector Viator, was afterwards taken to Lyons on this day.

In the same city, St. Elpidius, bishop and confessor.

In the March of Ancona, another St. Elpidius, an abbot. A town bearing his name glories in the possession of his sacred body.

On Mount Soractes, the abbot St. Nonnosus, who, by his prayers removed a rock of huge dimensions, and was renowned for other miracles.

[09-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 22-23; complete entry
At Rome, St. Serapia, virgin. Under the emperor Adrian, she was delivered to two lascivious young men, and as she could not be corrupted, nor afterwards burned with lighted torches, she was beaten with rods, and finally beheaded, by order of the judge Berillus. She died on the 29th of July, and was buried by blessed Sabina in her own sepulchre, near the field of Vindician. But the commemoration of her martyrdom is celebrated more solemnly on this day, when their common tomb was finished and adorned, and dedicated as a place of prayer.

At Corinth, the birthday of St. Phœbe, mentioned by the blessed apostle Paul in his epistle to the Romans.

At Aquileia, the holy virgins and martyrs Euphemia, Dorothea, Thecla, and Erasma. Under Nero, after enduring many torments, they were slain with the sword, and buried by St. Hermagoras.

At Capua, the holy martyrs Aristæus, bishop, and Antoninus, a boy.

At Nicomedia, the martyrdom of St. Basillissa, virgin and martyr, in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Alexander. At the age of nine years, after having, through the power of God, overcome scourging, fire, and the beasts, she gave up her soul to her Creator in prayer.

Also, the holy martyrs Zeno and Chariton. The one was cast into a caldron of melted lead, the other into a burning furnace.

At Cordova, St. Sandalus, martyr.

The same day, the birthday of the holy martyrs Aigulphus, abbot of Lerins, and the monks, his companions, who, after their tongues were cut off, and their eyes plucked out, were killed with the sword.

At Toul, in France, St. Mansuetus, bishop and confessor.

At Milan, the demise of St. Auxanus, bishop.

The same day, St. Simeon Stylites, the younger.

At Rome, the raising to the Sovereign Pontificate of St. Gregory the Great, an incomparable man, who, being forced to take that burden upon himself, sent forth from the more exalted throne brighter rays of sanctity upon the world.

[09-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 23; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
On Mount Nebo, in the land of Moab, the holy lawgiver and prophet Moses.

At Ancyra, in Galatia, the birthday of three saintly boys, Rufinus, Silvanus, and Vitalicus, martyrs.

At Chalons, in France, St. Marcellus, martyr, under the emperor Antoninus. Being invited to a profane banquet by the governor Priscus, and abhorring the meats that were served, he reproved with great freedom all persons present for worshipping the idols. For this, by an unheard-of kind of cruelty, the same governor had him burned alive up to the waist. After persevering for three days in praising God, he yielded up his undefiled soul.

The same day, the holy martyrs Magnus, Castus, and Maximus.

At Treves, St. Marcellus, bishop and martyr.

The same day, the Saints Thameles, previously a Pagan priest, and his companions, martyrs under the emperor Adrian.

Also, the holy martyrs Theodore, Oceanus, Ammian, and Julian, who had their feet cut off, and consummated their martyrdom by being thrown into the fire, in the time of the emperor Maximian.

At Rimini, St. Marinus, deacon.

At Palermo, the birthday of St. Rosalia, virgin, a native of that city, issued from the royal blood of Charlemagne. For the love of Christ, she forsook the princely court of her father, and led a heavenly life alone in mountains and caverns.

At Naples, in Campania, the birthday of St. Candida, who was the first to meet St. Peter when he came to that city, and being baptized by him, afterwards ended her holy life in peace.

In the same place, St. Candida, the younger, renowned for miracles.

[09-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 23; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In the suburbs of Rome, blessed Victorinus, bishop and martyr, in the time of Nerva Trajan. Being renowned for sanctity and miracles, he was elected bishop of Amiterno by the whole people, but afterwards he was banished, with other servants of God, to Contigliano, where spring forth fetid sulphurous waters, and was suspended with his head downward by order of the judge Aurelian. Having for the name of Christ endured this torment for three days, he was gloriously crowned, and went victoriously to our Lord. His body was taken away by the Christians, and buried with due honors at Amiterno.

Also, at Porto, the birthday of St. Herculanus, martyr.

At Capua, the holy martyrs Quinctius, Arcontius, and Donatus.

The same day, St. Romulus, prefect of Trajan's court. For reproving the cruelty of the emperor towards Christians, he was scourged with rods, and beheaded.

At Melitine, in Armenia, the martyrdom of the holy soldiers Eudoxius, Zeno, Macarius, and their companions to the number of eleven hundred and four, who threw away their military belts, and were put to death for the confession of Christ, in the persecution of Diocletian.

At Constantinople, the holy martyrs Urbanus, Theodore, Menedemus, and their ecclesiastical companions, seventy-seven in number, who were put in a ship by the command of the emperor Valens, and burned on the sea for the Catholic faith.

In the neighborhood of Terouanne, in the monastery of Sithiu, St. Bertin, abbot.

At Toledo, St. Obdulia, virgin.

[09-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 23; complete entry
The prophet Zachary, who returned in his old age from Chaldea to his own country, and lies buried near the prophet Aggeus.

In Hellespont, St. Onesiphorus, disciple of the Apostles, of whom St. Paul speaks in his letter to Timothy. He was severely scourged with St. Porphyry, by order of the proconsul Adrian, and being dragged by wild horses, gave up his soul to God.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Faustus, priest, Macarius, and ten companions, who received the martyr's crown by being beheaded for the name of Christ, in the time of the emperor Decius and the governor Valerius.

In Cappadocia, the holy martyrs Cottidus, deacon, Eugenius, and their companions.

In Africa, in the persecution of the Vandals, the holy bishops Donatian, Præsidius, Mansuetus, Germanus, and Fusculus, who were most cruelly scourged and sent into exile, by order of the Arian king Hunneric, because they proclaimed the Catholic truth. Among them was one named Lætus, also a bishop, a courageous and most learned man, who was burned alive after a long imprisonment in a loathsome dungeon.

At Verona, St. Petronius, bishop and confessor.

At Rome, the holy abbot Eleuthérius, a servant of God, who, according to the testimony of Pope St. Gregory, raised a dead man to life by his prayers and tears.

[09-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 24; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Nicomedia, the birthday of the blessed martyr John, who seeing the cruel edicts against Christians posted up in the public square, and being inflamed with an ardent faith, stretched forth his hand, took them away and tore them up. This being reported to the emperors Diocletian and Maximian, then residing in that city, they gave orders that he should be subjected to all kinds of torments, which the noble champion bore with such cheerfulness of spirit, as not to show on his countenance the least trace of pain or grief.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, in the time of the emperor Adrian, St. Eupsychius, martyr, who, on being accused of professing Christianity, was cast into prison. His release following shortly after, he immediately sold his patrimony, and distributed the proceeds of it partly to the poor and partly to his accusers, whom he regarded as his benefactors. But being again arrested, under the judge Sapritius, he was lacerated, pierced through with a sword, and thus consummated his martyrdom.

At Pompeiopolis, in Cilicia, St. Sozon, martyr, who, being thrown into the fire, yielded up his spirit, in the time of the emperor Maximian.

At Aquileia, St. Anastasius, martyr.

In the diocese of Autun, St. Regina, virgin and martyr, under the proconsul Olybrius. After having suffered imprisonment, the rack, and burning with torches, she was condemned to capital punishment, and so went to her spouse.

At Troyes, St. Nemorius, deacon, and his companions, martyrs, who were slain by Attila, king of the Huns.

At Orleans, in France, the departure from this life of the holy bishop Evortius, who was first a subdeacon of the Roman Church, and afterwards, through the divine favor, was designated bishop of that city by a dove.

In France, St. Augustalis, bishop and confessor.

At Capua, St. Pamphilus, bishop.

In the territory of Paris, St. Cloud, priest and confessor.

At Nonantola, pope St. Adrian III., remarkable for his zeal to reconcile the Eastern churches with the Holy See. He died in the odor of sanctity at San Cesario, and became widely celebrated by his miracles.

[09-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 24; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The Nativity of the most Blessed and ever Virgin Mary, Mother of God.

At Nicomedia, St. Adrian, with twenty-three other martyrs, who ended their martyrdom the 4th of March by having their limbs crushed, after enduring many torments under the emperors Diocletian and Maximian. Their remains were carried to Byzantium by the Christians, and buried with due honors. Afterwards the body of St. Adrian was taken to Rome on this day, on which his festival is celebrated.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Ammon, Theophilus, Neoterius, and twenty-two others.

At Antioch, the Saints Timothy and Faustus, martyrs.

At Gaza, in Palestine, the holy martyrs Eusebius, Nestabus, and Zeno, brothers, who were cut to pieces by a multitude of Pagans that rushed upon them, in the time of Julian the Apostate.

In the same place, and under the same Julian, St. Nestor, martyr, who, being most cruelly tortured by the same furious Gentiles, breathed his last.

At Freisingen, St. Corbinian, first bishop of that city. Being consecrated by pope Gregory II., and sent to preach the Gospel, he reaped an abundant harvest in France and Germany, and finally renowned for virtues and miracles, rested in peace.

[09-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 24; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs Dorotheus and Gorgonius. The greatest honors had been conferred on them by the emperor Diocletian, but as they detested the cruelty which he exercised against the Christians, they were by his order suspended in his presence, and lacerated with whips; then their skin being torn from their bodies, and vinegar with salt poured over them, they were burned on a gridiron and finally strangled. After some time, the body of blessed Gorgonius was brought to Rome, and deposited on the Latin road. Thence it was transferred to the basilica of St. Peter.

Among the Sabines, thirty miles from Rome, the holy martyrs Hyacinthus, Alexander, and Tiburtius.

At Sebaste, St. Severian, a soldier of the emperor Licinius. For frequently visiting the Forty Martyrs whilst they were in prison, he was suspended in the air with a stone tied to his feet by order of the governor Lysias, and being scourged and torn with whips, yielded up his soul in the midst of torments.

The same day, St. Straton, who ended his martyrdom for Christ by being tied to two trees and torn to pieces.

Also, the holy martyrs Rufinus and Rufinian, brothers.

At Rome, St. Sergius, pope and confessor.

In the territory of Térouanne, St. Omer, bishop.

In Ireland, St. Kieran, abbot.

[09-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 25; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Africa, the birthday of the holy bishops Nemesian, Felix, Lucius, another Felix, Litteus, Polyan, Victor, Jader, Dativus, and others. As a violent persecution was breaking out under Valerian and Gallienus, they were at their first courageous confession of Christ beaten with rods, then put in irons, and being sent to dig in the metal mines, they terminated their combat and glorious confession.

At Chalcedon, in the persecution of Diocletian, the holy martyrs Sosthenes and Victor. Under Priscus, proconsul of Asia, after they had been loaded with fetters and exposed to the beasts, they were condemned to be burned. But whilst they were saluting each other with a holy kiss and praying, they expired.

In Bithynia, the holy virgins Menodora, Metrodora, and Nymphodora, sisters. Under the emperor Maximian and the governor Fronto, they were crowned with martyrdom, and went to eternal glory.

Also, the holy martyrs Apellius, Luke, and Clement.

At Liege, in Belgium, St. Theodard, bishop and martyr, who laid down his life for his flock, and after his death was renowned for the gift of miracles.

At Rome, blessed Hilary, pope and confessor.

At Compostella, St. Peter, bishop, who was celebrated for his many virtues and miracles.

In the city of Albi, St. Salvius, bishop and confessor.

At Novara, St. Agapius, bishop.

At Constantinople, St. Pulcheria, empress and virgin, distinguished by her piety and zeal for religion.

[09-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 25; complete entry
At Rome, in the Cemetery of Basilla, on the old Salarian road, the birthday of the holy martyrs Protus and Hyacinth, brothers and eunuchs in the service of blessed Eugenia, who were arrested, in the time of the emperor Gallienus, on the charge of being Christians, and urged to offer sacrifice to the gods. But as they refused, both were most severely scourged, and finally beheaded.

At Laodicea, in Syria, the martyrdom of the Saints Diodorus, Diomedes, and Didimus.

At Leon, in Spain, St. Vincent, abbot and martyr.

In Egypt, the holy bishop Paphnutius, one of those confessors, who, under the emperor Galerius Maximinus, having their right eye plucked out and the joint of the left knee cut, were condemned to work in the metal mines. Afterwards, under Constantine the Great, he courageously combated for the Catholic faith against the Arians, and at length, being adorned with many crowns, rested in peace.

At Lyons, the demise of St. Patiens, bishop.

At Vercelli, St. Æmilian, bishop.

At Alexandria, St. Theodora, who having committed a fault through imprudence and repenting of it, remained unknown in a religious habit, and persevered until her death in practices of extraordinary abstinence and patience.

[09-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 25-26; complete entry
At Alexandria, the birthday of blessed Philip, father of the virgin St. Eugenia. Resigning the dignity of prefect of Egypt, he obtained the grace of baptism. His successor, the prefect Terentius, caused him to be pierced through the throat with a sword, whilst he was praying.

Also, the holy martyrs Macrobius and Julian, who suffered under Licinius.

The same day, St. Ligorius, martyr, who living in the desert, was murdered by the Gentiles for the faith of Christ.

At Alexandria, St. Eulogius, a bishop, celebrated for learning and sanctity.

At Angers, in France, St. Maurilius, a bishop, renowned for numberless miracles.

At Sens, St. Amatus, bishop and confessor.

The same day, St. Venerius, confessor, a man of admirable sanctity, who led an eremitical life in the island of Palmaria.

In the monastery of Remiremont in France, St. Amatus, priest and abbot, illustrious for the virtue of abstinence and the gift of miracles.

[09-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 26; complete entry
The Exaltation of the Holy Cross, when the emperor Heraclius, after defeating king Chosroes, brought it back to Jerusalem from Persia.

At Rome, in the Appian road, during the persecution of Decius, blessed Cornelius, pope and martyr, who, after being banished, was scourged with leaded whips, and then beheaded with twenty-one others of both sexes.

On the same day, were condemned to capital punishment Cærealis, a soldier, and his wife Sallustia, who had been instructed in the faith by the same Cornelius.

In Africa, in the time of the emperors Valerian and Gallienus, St. Cyprian, bishop of Carthage, most renowned for holiness and learning. It was near the seashore, six miles from the city, that he consummated his martyrdom by decapitation, after enduring a most painful exile. The festival of the Saints Cornelius and Cyprian is kept on the 16th of this month.

There suffered also in the same place the holy martyrs Crescentian, Victor, Rosula, and Generalis.

On the Salarian road, at Rome, during the persecution of Diocletian, St. Crescentius, the young son of St. Euthymius, who ended his life by the sword, under the judge Turpilius.

At Treves, the holy bishop Maternus, a disciple of the blessed apostle Peter, who brought to the faith of Christ the inhabitants of Tongres, Cologne, Treves, and of the neighboring country.

The same day, the birthday of St. John Chrysostom, bishop of Constantinople, who was sent into exile through the conspiracy of his enemies, but was recalled by a decree of the Sovereign Pontiff, Innocent I. He died on the way from the ill-treatment he received at the hands of the soldiers who guarded him. His feast is celebrated on the 27th of January, the day on which his sacred body was taken to Constantinople by Theodosius the Younger.

[09-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 26; complete entry
The Octave of the Nativity and the Feast of the Seven Dolors of the Blessed Virgin Mary.

At Rome, on the Nomentan road, the birthday of blessed Nicomedes, priest and martyr. As he said to those who would compel him to sacrifice: "I sacrifice only to the Omnipotent God who reigns in heaven," he was for a long time scourged with leaded whips, and thus went to our Lord.

In the diocese of Chalons, St. Valerian, martyr, who was suspended on high by the governor Priscus, and tortured with iron hooks. Remaining immovable in the confession of Christ, and continuing joyfully to praise Him, he was struck with the sword by order of the same magistrate.

At Marcianopolis, in Thrace, St. Melitina, a martyr, in the time of the emperor Antoninus and the governor Antiochus. She was twice led to the temples of the Gentiles, and as the idols fell to the ground each time, she was hanged and torn, and finally decapitated.

At Adrianople, the holy martyrs Maximus, Theodore, and Asclepiodotus, who were crowned under the emperor Maximian.

Also, St. Porphyrius, a comedian, who, in the presence of Julian the Apostate, being baptized in jest, and suddenly converted by the power of God, declared himself a Christian. Forthwith, by order of the emperor, he was struck with an axe, and thus crowned with martyrdom.

The same day, St. Nicetas, a Goth, who was burned alive for the Catholic faith, by order of king Athanaric.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Emilas, deacon, and Jeremias, who ended their martyrdom in the persecution of the Arabs by being beheaded, after a long detention in prison.

At Toul, in France, St. Aper, bishop.

Also, St. Leobinus, bishop of Chartres.

At Lyons, St. Albinus, bishop.

The same day, the decease of St. Aichard, abbot.

In France, St. Eutropia, widow.

[09-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 26-27; complete entry
The Saints Cornelius and Cyprian, pontiffs and martyrs, whose birthday is the 14th of this month.

At Chalcedon, the birthday of St. Euphemia, virgin and martyr, under the emperor Diocletian and the proconsul Priscus. For faith in our Lord she was subjected to tortures, imprisonment, blows, the torment of the wheel, fire, the crushing weight of stones, the teeth of beasts, scourging with rods, the cutting of sharp saws, burning pans, all of which she survived. But when she was again exposed to the beasts in the amphitheatre, praying to our Lord to receive her spirit, one of the animals having inflicted a bite on her sacred body, whilst the rest licked her feet, she yielded her unspotted soul to God.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Lucia, noble matron, and Geminian, who were subjected to most grievous afflictions and a long time tortured, by the command of the emperor Diocletian. Finally, being put to the sword, they obtained the glorious victory of martyrdom.

Also, at Rome, at a place on the Flaminian road, ten miles from the city, the holy martyrs Abundius, priest, and Abundantius, deacon, whom the emperor Diocletian caused to be struck with the sword, together with Marcian, an illustrious man, and his son John, whom they had raised from the dead.

At Heraclea, in Thrace, St. Sebastiana, martyr, under the emperor Domitian and the governor Sergius. Being brought to the faith of Christ by the blessed apostle Paul, she was tormented in various ways and finally beheaded.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Rogellus and Servideus, who were decapitated, after their hands and feet had been cut off.

In Scotland, St. Ninian, bishop and confessor.

In England, St. Editha, virgin, daughter of the English king Edgar, who was consecrated to God in a monastery from her tender years, whence she may be said to have been ignorant of the world rather than to have forsaken it.

[09-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 27; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the road to Tivoli, the birthday of St. Justin, priest and martyr, who distinguished himself by a glorious confession of the faith, during the persecution of Valerian and Gallienus. He buried the bodies of the blessed pontiff, Xystus, of Lawrence, Hippolytus, and many other saints, and finally consummated his martyrdom under Claudius.

Also, at Rome, the holy martyrs Narcissus and Crescentio.

In Phrygia, St. Ariadna, martyr, under the emperor Adrian.

In England, the holy martyrs Socrates and Stephen.

At Nevers, the holy martyrs Valerian, Macrinus, and Gordian.

At Autun, under the emperor Antoninus and the governor Valerian, St. Flocellus, a boy, who, after many sufferings, was torn to pieces by wild beasts, and thus won the crown of martyrs.

At Liege, blessed Lambert, bishop of Maestricht. Having, through zeal for religion, rebuked the royal family, he was undeservedly put to death by the guilty, and thus entered the court of the heavenly kingdom, to enjoy it forever.

The same day, St. Agathoclia, servant of an infidel woman, who was for a long time subjected by her to blows and other afflictions, that she might deny Christ. She was finally presented to the judge and cruelly lacerated, and as she persisted in confessing the faith, they cut off her tongue and threw her into the flames.

At Cordova, St. Columba, virgin and martyr.

At Milan, the departure from this world of St. Satyrus, confessor, whose distinguished merits are mentioned by his brother, St. Ambrose.

At Rome, in the persecution of Diocletian, St. Theodora, a matron, who carefully ministered to the martyrs.

At Bingen, in the diocese of Mayence, St. Hildegarde, virgin.

[09-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 27; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The same day, the birthday of St. Methodius, bishop of Olympius in Lycia, and afterwards of Tyre, most renowned for eloquence and learning. St. Jerome says that he won the martyr's crown at Chalcis, in Greece, at the end of the last persecution.

In the diocese of Vienne, the holy martyr Ferreol, a tribune, who was arrested by order of the impious governor Crispinus, most cruelly scourged, then loaded with heavy chains, and cast into a dark dungeon. A miracle having broken his bonds, and opened the doors of the prison, he made his escape, but being taken again by his pursuers, he received the palm of martyrdom by being beheaded.

Also, the Saints Sophia and Irene, martyrs.

At Milan, St. Eustorgius, first bishop of that city, highly commended by blessed Ambrose.

At Gortyna, in Crete, St. Eumenus, bishop and confessor.

[09-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 27-28; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Puzzoli, in Campania, the holy martyrs Januarius, bishop of Benevento, Festus, his deacon, and Desiderius, lector, together with Sosius, deacon of the church of Misenum, Proculus, deacon of Puzzoli, Eutychius and Acutius, who were bound and imprisoned and then beheaded during the reign of Diocletian. The body of St. Januarius was brought to Naples, and buried in the church with due honors, where even now the blood of the blessed martyr is kept in a vial, and when placed close to his head, is seen to become liquid and bubble up as if it were just taken from his veins.

At Nocera, the birthday of the holy martyrs Felix and Constantia, who suffered under Nero.

In Palestine, the holy martyrs Peleus, Nilus, and Elias, bishops in Egypt, who were, with many others of the clergy, consumed by fire for the sake of Christ during the persecution of Diocletian.

The same day, the holy martyrs Trophimus, Sabbatius, and Dorymedon, senator, under the emperor Probus. By command of the governor Atticus, at Antioch, Sabbatius was scourged until he expired. Trophimus was sent to the governor Perennius at Synnada, where he and the senator Dorymedon consummated their martyrdom by decapitation, after enduring many torments.

At Cordova, in the Arabian persecution, St. Pomposa, virgin and martyr.

At Canterbury, the holy bishop Theodore, who was sent to England by pope Vitalian, and was renowned for learning and holiness.

At Tours, St. Eustochius, bishop, a man of great virtue.

In the diocese of Langres, St. Sequanus, priest and confessor.

[09-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 28; selected notices
At Rome, the holy martyrs Eustachius, and Theopistes, his wife, with their two sons, Agapitus and Theopistus. Under the emperor Adrian, they were condemned to be cast to the beasts, but through the power of God, being uninjured by them, they were shut up in a burning brazen ox, and thus terminated their martyrdom.

At Cyzicum, on the sea of Marmora, the birthday of the holy martyrs Fausta, virgin, and Evilasius, in the time of the emperor Maximian. Fausta had her head shaved to shame her, and was hanged up and tortured by Evilasius, then a Pagan priest; but when he wished to have her body cut in two, the executioners could not inflict any injury on her. Amazed at this prodigy, Evilasius believed in Christ; and whilst he was cruelly tortured by order of the emperor, Fausta had her head bored through, and her whole body pierced with nails. She was then laid on a burning pan, and being called by a celestial voice, went in company with Evilasius to enjoy the blessedness of heaven.

In Phrygia, the holy martyrs Denis and Privatus.

Also, St. Priscus, martyr, who, after having had his body pierced all over with daggers, was beheaded.

At Pergen, in Pamphylia, the Saints Theodore, his mother Philippa, and their fellow martyrs, under the emperor Antoninus.

At Carthage, St. Candida, virgin and martyr; who, having all her body lacerated with whips, was crowned with martyrdom, under the emperor Maximian.

Also, the holy martyr Susanna, daughter of Arthemius, a Pagan priest, and Martha.

The same day, pope St. Agapitus, whose sanctity is attested by blessed Gregory the Great.

At Milan, St. Clicerius, bishop and confessor.

[09-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 28; complete entry
The birthday of St. Matthew, apostle and evangelist, who suffered martyrdom in Ethiopia, while engaged in preaching. The Gospel written by him in Hebrew was, by his own revelation, found in the time of the emperor Zeno, together with the relics of the blessed apostle Barnabas.

In the land of Saar, the holy prophet Jonas, who was buried in Geth.

At Rome, St. Pamphilus, martyr.

At twenty miles from Rome, on the Claudian way, the martyrdom of St. Alexander, bishop, in the time of the emperor Antoninus. For the faith of Christ he was loaded with fetters scourged, tortured, burned with torches, torn with iron hooks, exposed to the beasts and cast into the flames, but having overcome all these torments, he was finally beheaded, and so attained the glory of eternal life. His body was afterwards carried into the city by the blessed pope Damasus, on the 26th of November, on which day his feast is to be celebrated by order of the same Pontiff.

In Phœnicia, St. Eusebius, martyr, who, of his own accord, went to the prefect, and declaring himself a Christian, was subjected by him to many torments, and finally beheaded.

In Cyprus, St. Isacius, bishop and martyr.

In the same place, St. Meletius, bishop and confessor.

In Ethiopia, St. Iphigenia, virgin, who being baptized and consecrated to God by the blessed apostle Matthew, ended her holy life in peace.

[09-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 29; complete entry
At Rome, St. Linus, pope and martyr, who governed the Roman church next after the blessed apostle Peter. He was crowned with martyrdom, and buried on the Vatican hill beside the same apostle.

At Iconium, in Lycaonia, St. Thecla, virgin and martyr, who was converted to the faith by the apostle St. Paul. Under the emperor Nero, she was victorious over the flames and the beasts to which she was exposed for the faith of Christ, and after many combats endured for the instruction of others, she went to Seleucia, where she ended her days in peace. Her memory has been eulogized by the Holy Fathers.

In Campania, the commemoration of blessed Sosius, deacon of the church of Misenum. The holy bishop Januarius, seeing a flame arise from his head as he was reading the Gospel in the church, foretold that he would be a martyr; and not many days after, when he was thirty years of age, he and the holy bishop suffered martyrdom by decapitation.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Andrew, John, Peter, and Anthony.

In the diocese of Coutances, St. Paternus, bishop and martyr.

At Ancona, St. Constantius, sacristan of the Church, renowned for the gift of miracles.

In Spain, the holy women Xantippa and Polyxena, who were disciples of the Apostles.

[09-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 29; selected notices
At Autun, the birthday of the holy martyrs, Andochius, priest, Thyrsus, deacon, and Felix, who were sent from the East by blessed Polycarp, bishop of Smyrna, to preach in Gaul, where they were most severely scourged, hanged up a whole day by the hands, and cast into the fire. Remaining uninjured, they had their necks broken with heavy bars, and thus won a most glorious crown.

In Egypt, the holy martyrs Paphnutius and his companions. Whilst leading a solitary life, St. Paphnutius heard that many Christians were kept in bonds, and, moved by the spirit of God, he voluntarily offered himself to the prefect, and freely confessed the Christian faith. By him he was bound with iron chains, and a long time tortured on the rack. Then, being sent with many others to Diocletian, he was fastened by his order to a palm tree, and the rest were struck with the sword.

At Chalcedon, forty-nine holy martyrs, who, after the martyrdom of St. Euphemia, under the emperor Diocletian, were condemned to be devoured by the beasts, but being miraculously delivered, were finally struck with the sword, and went to heaven.

In Hungary, St. Gerard, bishop and martyr, called the Apostle of the Hungarians. He belonged to the nobility of Venice, and was the first to shed upon his country the glory of martyrdom.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, the departure out of this life of St. Rusticus, bishop and confessor.

In the diocese of Beauvais, St. Geremarus, abbot.

[09-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 29; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Emmaus, the birthday of blessed Cleophas, disciple of Christ. It is related that he was killed by the Jews, for the confession of our Lord, in the same house in which he had entertained Him, and where he was honorably buried.

At Rome, under the emperor Antoninus, St. Herculanus, soldier and martyr, who, being converted to Christ by the miracles wrought during the martyrdom of the blessed bishop Alexander, was put to the sword, after enduring many torments.

At Amiens, in France, in the persecution of Diocletian, blessed Firmin, bishop. Under the governor Rictiovarus, after various torments, he suffered martyrdom by being beheaded.

At Damascus, the holy martyr Paul, Tata, his wife, and Sabinian, Maximus, Rufus, and Eugenius, their sons. Accused of professing the Christian religion, they were scourged, and tortured in other ways, until they gave up their souls to God.

In Asia, the holy martyrs Bardomian, Eucarpus, and twenty-six others.

The same day, St. Anathalon, bishop, who was a disciple of the blessed apostle Barnabas, and succeeded him in the See of Milan.

At Lyons, the decease of St. Lupus, at one time an anchoret, but later a bishop.

At Auxerre, St. Anacharius, bishop and confessor.

At Blois, St. Solemnius, bishop of Chartres, renowned for miracles.

The same day, St. Principius, bishop of Soissons, brother of the blessed bishop Remigius.

At Anagni, the holy virgins Aurelia and Neomisia.

[09-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 30; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Ægea, during the persecution of Diocletian, the birthday of the holy martyrs Cosmas and Damian, brothers. After miraculously overcoming many torments from bonds, imprisonment, fire, crucifixion, stoning, arrows, and from being cast into the sea, they received capital punishment. With them are said to have also suffered three of their brothers, Anthimus, Leontius, and Euprepius.

At Rome, St. Epicharis, wife of a senator, who, in the same persecution, was scourged with leaded whips, and struck with the sword.

At Todi, the holy martyrs Fidentius and Terence, under the same Diocletian.

At Cordova, the holy martyrs Adulphus and John, brothers, who won the martyr's crown in the Arabian persecution.

At Sion, in Switzerland, St. Florentinus, martyr, who was put to the sword with blessed Hilary, after his tongue had been cut out.

At Byblos, in Phœnicia, St. Mark, bishop, who is also called John by blessed Luke.

At Milan, the holy bishop Caius, a disciple of the blessed apostle Barnabas, who passed calmly to rest after suffering severely in the persecution of Nero.

At Ravenna, St. Aderitus, bishop and confessor.

In Hainaut, St. Hiltrude, virgin.

[09-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 30; complete entry
In Bohemia, St. Wenceslas, duke of Bohemia and martyr, renowned for holiness and miracles. Being murdered in his brother's house, he went triumphantly to heaven.

At Rome, St. Privatus, martyr, who was cured of ulcers by the blessed pope Callistus. For the faith of Christ he was scourged to death with leaded whips, in the time of the emperor Alexander.

In the same place, St. Stacteus, martyr.

In Africa, the Saints Martial, Lawrence, and twenty other martyrs.

At Antioch, in Pisidia, the holy martyrs Mark, shepherd, Alphius, Alexander, and Zosimus, his brothers, Nicon, Neon Heliodorus, and thirty soldiers, who were converted to Christ on seeing the miracles of blessed Mark, and were crowned with martyrdom in different places and in various manners.

The same day, the martyrdom of St. Maximus, under the emperor Decius.

At Toulouse, St. Exuperius, bishop and confessor. St. Jerome bears to this blessed man a memorable testimony, relating how severe he was towards himself and how liberal towards others.

At Genoa, St. Solomon, bishop and confessor.

At Brescia, St. Silvinus, bishop.

The same day, the holy virgin Eustochium, daughter of blessed Paula, who was brought up at the manger of our Lord with other virgins, and being celebrated for merits, went to our Lord.

In Germany, St. Lioba, virgin, renowned for miracles.

[09-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 30-31; complete entry
On Mount Gargano, the commemoration of the blessed archangel Michael. This festival is kept in memory of the day, when under his invocation, was consecrated a church, unpretending in its exterior, but endowed with virtue celestial.

In Thrace, the birthday of the holy martyrs Eutychius, Plautus, and Heracleas.

In Persia, under king Sapor, the holy martyr Gudelia. After having converted many to the faith, and refused to adore the sun and fire, she was subjected to numerous torments. Then having the skin torn off her head, and being fastened to a post, she deserved an eternal triumph.

In the same country, the holy martyrs Dadas, a blood relation of king Sapor, Casdoa, his wife, and Gabdelas, his son. After being deprived of their dignities, and subjected to various torments, they were for a long time imprisoned and finally put to the sword.

In Armenia, the holy virgins, Ripsimus and her companions, martyrs, under king Tiridates.

At Auxerre, St. Fraternus, bishop and martyr.

At Pontecorvo, near Aquino, St. Grimoaldus, priest and confessor.

In Palestine, St. Quiriacus, anchoret.

[09-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 31; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Bethlehem of Juda, the decease of St. Jerome, priest and Doctor of the Church, who, excelling in all kinds of learning, imitated the life of the most approved monks, and disposed of many monstrous heresies with the sword of his doctrine. Having at length reached a very advanced age, he rested in peace, and was buried near the manger of our Lord. His body was afterwards conveyed to Rome, and deposited in the basilica of St. Mary the Greater.

The same day, the holy martyr Leopardus, of the household of Julian the Apostate. He was beheaded at Rome, and his body was subsequently taken to Aix-la-Chapelle.

At Soleure, in Switzerland, in the time of the emperor Maximian, the passion of the holy martyrs Victor and Ursus, of the glorious Theban legion, who were subjected to horrid tortures; but a heavenly light shining over them, and causing the executioners to fall to the ground, they were delivered. Being then cast into the fire without sustaining any injury, they finally perished by the sword.

At Piacenza, the holy martyr Antoninus, soldier of the same legion.

The same day, St. Gregory, bishop of Greater Armenia, who after many sufferings under Diocletian, rested in peace.

At Canterbury, in England, St. Honorius, bishop and confessor.

In the same city, St. Sophia, widow, mother of the holy virgins Faith, Hope, and Charity.

[10-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 31; complete entry
At Rheims, in France, St. Remigius, bishop confessor, who converted the Franks to Christ, regenerated Clovis, their king, in the sacred font of baptism and instructed him in the mysteries of faith. After he had been many years bishop, and had distinguished himself by his sanctity and the power of working miracles, he departed this life on the 13th of January. His festival, however, is kept on this day, when his sacred body was translated.

At Rome, blessed Aretas and five hundred and four other martyrs.

At Tomis, in Pontus, the holy martyrs Priscus, Crescens, and Evagrius.

At Lisbon, in Portugal, the holy martyrs Verissimus, and his sisters, Maxima and Julia, who suffered in the persecution of Diocletian.

At Tournay, St. Piaton, priest and martyr, who, with blessed Quinctinus and his companions, went from Rome to Gaul to preach the faith, and afterwards, in the persecution of Maximian, having consummated his martyrdom, passed from earth to heaven.

At Thessalonica, St. Domninus, martyr, under the same Maximian.

At Ghent, St. Bavo, confessor.

At Orvieto, St. Severus, priest and confessor.

[10-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 31; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The feast of the holy Guardian Angels.

At Nicomedia, St. Eleutherius, soldier and martyr, with numberless others. They were falsely accused of having set fire to the palace of Diocletian and, by order of this most cruel emperor, were barbarously massacred in groups. Some were put to the sword, some consumed by fire, while others were precipitated into the sea. But the principal one, Eleutherius, having endured long tortures, and being found stronger after each one, terminated his victorious martyrdom by fire, as well-tried gold.

In the vicinity of Arras, the martyrdom of blessed Leodegarius, bishop of Autun. After being subjected to various insults and torments for the truth, he was put to death by Ebroin, chief minister of Theodoric.

Also, the holy martyr Gerinus, brother of the blessed Leodegarius, who was overwhelmed with stones in the same city.

At Antioch, the holy martyrs Primus, Cyril, and Secundarius.

At Constantinople, St. Theophilus, a monk, who was most cruelly scourged by Leo the Isaurian, for the defence of holy images, was driven into exile, and went gloriously to heaven.

[10-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 31-32; complete entry
At Rome, near the spot called Ursus Pileatus, St. Candidus, martyr.

The same day the holy martyrs Denis, Faustus, Caius, Peter, Paul, and four others, who suffered much under Decius; and under Valerian, being a long time subjected to torments by the governor Æmilian, merited the palm of martyrdom.

Among the ancient Saxons (in Westphalia), two holy martyrs of the name of Ewaldus, who being priests and preaching Christ in that country, were seized by the Pagans and put to death. During the night a great light appeared for a long time over their bodies, showing where they were, and how distinguished were their merits.

In Africa, St. Maximian, bishop of Bagay, who, after having frequently endured great cruelties from the Donatists, was finally cast headlong from a high tower, and left for dead. Illustrious by a glorious confession, he afterwards rested in the Lord.

In Palestine, St. Hesychius, confessor, disciple of St. Hilarion, and the companion of his travels.

In Belgium, in the diocese of Namur, St. Gerard, abbot.

[10-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 32; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Corinth, the birthday of the Saints Crispus and Caius, who are mentioned by the apostle St. Paul in his epistle to the Corinthians.

In Egypt, the holy martyrs Mark and Marcian, brothers, and an almost countless multitude of both sexes and of all ages, who merited the blessed crown of martyrdom, some after being scourged, and others when they had suffered horrible torment, after being delivered to the flames. Some were precipitated into the sea; some others were beheaded; many were starved to death; others were fastened to gibbets; while others were suspended by the feet with their heads downward.

At Damascus, St. Peter, bishop and martyr, who, being accused before the king of the Agarenians of teaching the faith of Christ, had his tongue, hands, and feet cut off, and being fastened to a cross, ended his martyrdom.

At Alexandria, the holy priests and deacons Caius, Faustus, Eusebius, Chæremon, Lucius, and their companions. Some of them were martyred in the persecution of Valerian; others, for serving the martyrs, received the reward of martyrs.

At Athens, St. Hierotheus, disciple of the blessed apostle Paul.

At Bologna, St. Petronius, bishop and confessor, celebrated for learning, miracles and sanctity.

At Paris, St. Aurea, virgin.

[10-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 32; complete entry
At Messina, in Sicily, the birthday of the holy martyrs Placidus, monk, disciple of the blessed abbot Benedict, and of his brothers Eutychius and Victorinus, and Flavia, virgin, their sister; also of Donatus, Firmatus, deacon, Faustus, and thirty other monks, who were murdered for the faith of Christ by the pirate Manuchas.

The same day, the birthday of blessed Thraseas, bishop of Eumenia, who ended his career by martyrdom at Smyrna.

At Treves, the holy martyrs Palmatius and his companions, who suffered martyrdom in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Rictiovarus.

The same day, under the emperor Diocletian and the ex-consul Domitius, St. Charitina, a virgin, who was exposed to the fire and thrown into the sea; but escaping uninjured, she had her hands and feet cut off, her teeth plucked out, and finally she yielded her spirit in prayer.

At Auxerre, the departure from this life of the saintly deacon Firmatus and the virgin Flaviana, his sister.

At Ravenna, St. Marcellinus, bishop and confessor.

At Valence, in France, St. Apollinaris, a bishop, who was renowned in life for virtues, and in death for miracles and prodigies.

The same day, St. Attilanus, bishop of Zamora, who was ranked among the saints by Urban II.

At Leon, in Spain, St. Froilanus, bishop of that city, renowned for his zeal in spreading the monastic life, for his liberality to the poor and other virtues, and for miracles.

At Rome, St. Galla, widow, daughter of the consul Symmachus, who, after the death of her husband, remained many years near the church of St. Peter, applying to prayer, almsgiving, fasting, and other pious works. Her most happy death has been described by pope St. Gregory.

[10-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 32; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Calabria, St. Bruno, confessor, founder of the Carthusian Order.

At Laodicea, the blessed bishop and martyr Sagar, one of the first disciples of the apostle St. Paul.

At Capua, the birthday of the holy martyrs Marcellus, Castus, Æmilius, and Saturninus.

At Agen, in France, the birthday of St. Faith, virgin and martyr, whose example encouraged blessed Caprasius so much that he happily terminated his combat by martyrdom.

Also, St. Erotis, martyr, who, being inflamed with the love of Christ, triumphed over the violence of the flames.

At Treves, the commemoration of almost numberless martyrs, who were put to death for the faith in various manners, under the governor Rictiovarus, in the persecution of Diocletian.

At Auxerre, St. Romanus, bishop and martyr.

At Oderzo, St. Magnus, bishop, whose body rests at Venice.

[10-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 32-33; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted; adapted for AWRV observance
The feast of the Most Holy Rosary of the Blessed Virgin Mary.

At Rome, on the Ardeatine road, the demise of St. Mark, pope and confessor.

In the province of the Euphrates, the holy martyrs Sergius and Bacchus, noble Romans, in the time of the emperor Maximian. Bacchus, being scourged with rough whips until his body was completely mangled, breathed his last in the confession of Christ. Sergius had his feet forced into shoes full of sharp-pointed nails, and, remaining unshaken in the faith, he was sentenced to undergo capital punishment. The place where he reposes is called after him Sergiopolis, and, on account of the signal miracles wrought in it, is honored by a great concourse of Christians.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Marcellus and Apuleius, who at first followed Simon Magus, but seeing the wonders which the Lord performed by the apostle Peter, abandoned Simon, and embraced the apostolical doctrine. After the death of the Apostles, under the ex-consul Aurelian, they won the crown of martyrdom, and were buried near the city.

Also, in the province of the Euphrates, St. Julia, virgin, who endured martyrdom under the governor Marcian.

At Padua, St. Justina, virgin and martyr, who was baptized by the blessed Prosdocimus, disciple of St. Peter. As she remained firm in the faith of Christ, she was put to the sword by order of the governor Maximus, and thus went to God.

At Bourges, St. Augustus, priest and confessor.

In the diocese of Rheims, St. Helanus, priest.

[10-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 33; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Paris, the birthday of the holy martyrs Denis the Areopagite, bishop, Rusticus, priest, and Eleutherius, deacon. Denis was baptized by the apostle St. Paul, and consecrated first bishop of Athens. Then going to Rome, he was sent to Gaul by the blessed Roman Pontiff Clement, to preach the Gospel. He proceeded to Paris, and after having for some years faithfully filled the office entrusted to him, he was subjected to the severest kinds of torments by the prefect Fescenninus, and at length, being beheaded with his companions, completed his martyrdom.

The same day, the commemoration of the holy patriarch Abraham, father of all believers.

At Julia (now Borgo-San-Donnino), near Parma, on the Claudian road, St. Domninus, martyr, under the emperor Maximian. As he was trying to escape the raging persecution, he was overtaken by his pursuers, and being transpierced with a sword, died gloriously.

At Cassino, St. Deusdedit, abbot, who was cast into prison by the tyrant Sicardus, and being there consumed with hunger and misery, yielded up his soul.

In Hainaut, St. Gislenus, bishop and confessor, who, resigning his See, led the monastical life in a monastery built by himself, and was distinguished by many virtues.

At Jerusalem, the Saints Andronicus, and Athanasia, his wife.

At Antioch, St. Publia, abbess, who, whilst Julian the Apostate was passing by, sang with her religious these words of David: "The idols of the Gentiles are silver and gold;" and: "Let them that make them, become like unto them." By the command of the emperor, she was struck on the face and severely rebuked.

[10-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 33-34; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In the island of Crete, blessed Pinytus, most noble among the bishops. He was bishop of Gnosia, and flourished under Marcus Antoninus Verus and Lucius Aurelius Commodus. He left in his writings, as in a mirror, a vivid delineation of himself.

At Cologne, in the persecution of Maximian, St. Gereon, martyr, with three hundred and eighteen others, who patiently bowed their necks to the sword for the true religion.

In the neighborhood of the same city, the holy martyrs Victor and his companions.

At Bonn, in Germany, the holy martyrs Cassius and Florentius, with many others.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs Eulampius, and his sister, the virgin Eulampia, who, hearing that her brother was tortured for Christ, rushed through the crowd, embraced him and became his companion. Both were cast into a caldron of boiling oil, but being quite uninjured, they terminated their martyrdom by decapitation with two hundred others, who, impressed by the miracle, had believed in Christ.

At York, in England, the holy bishop Paulinus, disciple of the blessed pope Gregory. Being sent thither by that pope with others to preach the Gospel, he converted king Edwin and his people to the faith of Christ.

At Piombino, in Tuscany, St. Cerbonius, bishop and confessor, who, as St. Gregory relates, was renowned for miracles, both during life and after death.

At Verona, another St. Cerbonius, bishop.

At Capua, St. Paulinus, bishop.

[10-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 34; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Tarsus, in Cilicia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Tharacus, Probus, and Andronicus, who endured a long and painful imprisonment, during the persecution of Diocletian, and being three times subjected to diverse punishments and tortures, finally obtained a glorious triumph for the confession of Christ by having their heads struck off.

In Vexin, in the time of the governor Fescenninus, the passion of the holy martyrs Nicasius, bishop of Rouen, Quirinus, priest, Scubiculus, deacon, and Pientia, virgin.

Also, the martyrdom of the Saints Anastasius, priest, Placidus, Genesius, and their companions.

In Thebais, St. Sarmata, disciple of the blessed abbot Anthony, who was put to death for Christ by the Saracens.

At Besancon, in France, St. Germanus, bishop and martyr.

At Uzes, in Narbonese Gaul, St. Firminus, bishop and confessor.

In Ireland, St. Kenny, abbot.

At Lier, in Belgium, the departure from this life of St. Gummarus, confessor.

At Rennes, St. Æmilian, confessor.

At Tarsus, in Cilicia, the holy women Zenaides and Philonilla, sisters, who were relatives of the blessed apostle Paul, and his disciples in the faith.

At Verona, St. Placidia, virgin.

[10-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 34-35; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In England, St. Edward, king, who died on the 5th of January. He is specially honored on this day, on account of the translation of his body.

At Troas, in Asia Minor, the birthday of St. Carpus, disciple of the blessed apostle Paul.

At Cordova, in Spain, the birthday of the holy martyrs Faustus, Januarius, and Martial. First tortured on the rack, then having their eyelashes shaven, their teeth plucked out, their ears and noses cut off, they finished their martyrdom by fire.

At Thessalonica, St. Florentius, a martyr, who, after enduring various torments, was burned alive.

In Austria, St. Colman, martyr.

At Antioch, the holy bishop Theophilus, who held the pontificate in that church, the sixth after the blessed apostle Peter.

At Tours, St. Venantius, abbot, and confessor.

At Subiaco, in Italy, St. Chelidonia, virgin.

[10-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 35; complete entry
At Rome, on the Aurelian road, the birthday of blessed Callistus, pope and martyr. By order of the emperor Alexander, after being a long time kept in prison without food, and daily scourged with rods, he was finally hurled from the window of the house in which he had been shut up, and cast into a well, and thus merited the triumph awarded to conquerors.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, St. Fortunata, virgin and martyr, during the persecution of Diocletian. After having been subjected to the rack, to fire, to the teeth of beasts and other torments, she gave up her soul to God. Her body was afterwards conveyed to Naples, in Campania.

Also, the Saints Carponius, Evaristus, and Priscian, brothers of the said blessed Fortunata, who having their throats cut, obtained likewise the crown of martyrdom.

Also, the Saints Saturninus and Lupus.

At Rimini, St. Gaudentius, bishop and martyr.

At Todi, St. Fortunatus, bishop, who, as is mentioned by blessed Gregory, was endowed with an extraordinary gift for casting out unclean spirits.

At Wurtzburg, St. Burchard, first bishop of that city.

At Bruges, in Belgium, St. Donatian, bishop of Rheims.

At Treves, St. Rusticus, bishop.

The same day, the departure out of this world of St. Dominic Loricatus.

In Italy, St. Bernard, confessor.

[10-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 35; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, on the Aurelian road, St. Fortunatus, martyr.

At Cologne, the birthday of three hundred holy martyrs, who terminated their combat in the persecution of Maximian.

At Carthage, St. Agileus, martyr, on whose birthday St. Augustine preached his panegyric.

In Prussia, St. Bruno, bishop of the Ruthenians and martyr, who, preaching the Gospel in that region, was arrested by impious men, had his hands and feet cut off and was beheaded.

At Lyons, St. Antiochus, bishop, who entered the heavenly kingdom after having courageously fulfilled the duties of the high station to which he had been called.

At Treves, St. Severus, bishop and confessor.

At Strasburg, St. Aurelia, virgin.

In Germany, St. Thecla, abbess.

[10-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 35; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Africa, two hundred and seventy holy martyrs crowned together.

In the same country, the Saints Martinian and Saturnian with their two brothers. In the reign of the Arian king Genseric, while the persecution of the Vandals was raging, they were slaves belonging to a man of that race, and being converted to the faith of Christ by Maxima, a slave like themselves, they manifested their attachment to the truth with such courage, that they were beaten with rough clubs and lacerated in all parts of their bodies to the very bone. Although this barbarous treatment was continued for a considerable period, their wounds were each time healed over night, wherefore they were at length sent into exile. There they converted many barbarians to the faith, and obtained from the Roman Pontiff a priest and other ministers to baptize them. Finally they were condemned to die by being dragged through thorns, with their feet tied behind running chariots. Maxima being miraculously delivered after enduring many tribulations, became the Superioress of a large monastery of virgins, where she ended her days in peace.

Also, the Saints Saturninus, Nereus, and three hundred and sixty-five other martyrs.

At Cologne, St. Eliphius, martyr, under Julian the Apostate.

Also, St. Bercharius, abbot and martyr.

Near Bourges, St. Ambrose, bishop of Cahors.

At Mayence, St. Lullus, bishop and confessor.

At Treves, St. Florentinus, bishop.

At Arbon, in Switzerland, St. Gall, abbot, disciple of blessed Columban.

On Mount Cassino, blessed Victor III., who succeeded Gregory VII. in the papal chair and threw new lustre round the Holy See by the signal triumph he gained over the Saracens through the divine assistance. The veneration paid to him from time immemorial Pope Leo XIII. approved and confirmed.

[10-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 35-36; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Antioch, the birthday of St. Heron, disciple of blessed Ignatius. Being made bishop after him, he religiously followed his master's footsteps, and, as a true lover of Christ, died for the flock entrusted to his keeping.

The same day, the martyrdom of the Saints Victor, Alexander, and Marian.

In Persia, St. Mamelta, martyr, who, being converted from idolatry to the faith by an angel, was stoned by the Gentiles and cast into a deep lake.

At Constantinople, during the reign of Constantine Copronymus, St. Andrew of Crete, a monk, who was often scourged for the worship of holy images, and finally, after having one of his feet cut off, breathed his last.

At Orange, in France, St. Florentinus, bishop, who died leaving a reputation for many virtues.

At Capua, St. Victor, a bishop, distinguished for erudition and sanctity.

[10-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 36; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of blessed Luke, evangelist, who, after having suffered much for the name of Christ, died in Bithynia, filled with the Holy Ghost. His relics were taken to Constantinople, and thence conveyed to Padua.

At Antioch, St. Asclepiades, bishop, one of the celebrated troop of martyrs who suffered gloriously under Macrinus.

In the diocese of Beauvais, St. Justus, martyr, who, being but a boy, was put to death in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Rictiovarus.

At Neocæsarea, in Pontus, the holy and learned bishop Athenodorus, brother of St. Gregory Thaumaturgus, who underwent martyrdom in the persecution of Aurelian.

In Mesopotamia, on the bank of the Euphrates, St. Julian, hermit.

At Rome, St. Tryphonia, at one time wife of the Cæsar Decius. She was buried in a crypt, near St. Hippolytus.

[10-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 36; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, the birthday of the holy martyrs Ptolemy and Lucius, under Marcus Antoninus. The former, as we learn from the martyr Justin, having converted an immodest woman to the faith of Christ, and taught her to practise chastity, was accused by a profligate man before the prefect Urbicius, and condemned to languish a long time in a filthy dungeon. At length, as he declared by a public confession that Christ was his master, he was led to execution. Lucius disapproving the sentence of Urbicius, and avowing freely that he was a Christian, received the same sentence. To them was added a third, who was condemned to suffer a like punishment.

At Antioch, the holy martyrs Beronicus, the virgin Pelagia and forty-nine others.

In Egypt, St. Varus, soldier, under the emperor Maximinus. He used to visit and comfort seven saintly monks detained in prison, when one of them happening to die, he wished to take his place, and having suffered with them cruel afflictions, he obtained the palm of martyrdom.

At Evreux, St. Aquilinus, bishop and confessor.

In the diocese of Orleans, the departure from this world of St. Veranus, bishop.

At Salerno, St. Eusterius, bishop.

In Ireland, St. Ethbin, abbot.

At Oxford, in England, St. Frideswide, virgin.

[10-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 36-37; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Abia, near Aquila, in Abruzzo, the birthday of blessed Maximus, deacon and martyr, who, through the desire of suffering, presented himself to the persecutors that sought him. After answering with great constancy, he was racked and tortured, then beaten with rods, and finally he died by being precipitated from an elevated place.

At Agen, in France, St. Caprasius, martyr. As he was hiding himself in a cavern to avoid the violence of the persecution, the report of the blessed virgin Faith's courage in suffering for Christ animated him to endure torments, and he prayed to God that, if he were deemed worthy of the glory of martyrdom, clear water might flow from the rock of his cavern. God having granted his prayer, he went with confidence to the scene of combat, and after a valiant struggle, merited the palm of martyrdom under Maximian.

At Antioch, St. Artemius, imperial officer. Although he had filled high stations in the army under Constantine the Great, Julian the Apostate, whom he had reprehended for his cruelty towards Christians, ordered him to be beaten with rods, subjected to other torments, and finally beheaded.

At Cologne, the martyrdom of the holy virgins Martha and Saula, with many others.

At Minden, the birthday of St. Felician, bishop and martyr.

At Paris, the holy martyrs, George, deacon, and Aurelius.

In Portugal, St. Irene, virgin and martyr.

In the diocese of Rheims, St. Sindulphus, confessor.

[10-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 37; complete entry
In Cyprus, the birthday of the holy abbot Hilarion. His life, full of virtues and miracles, was written by St. Jerome.

At Cologne, the birthday of the Saints Ursula and her companions, who gained the martyrs' crown by being massacred by the Huns for the Christian religion and their constancy in keeping their virginity. Many of their bodies were deposited at Cologne.

At Ostia, St. Asterius, priest and martyr, who suffered under the emperor Alexander, as we read in the Acts of the blessed pope Callistus.

At Nicomedia, the birthday of the Saints Dasius, Zoticus, Caius, and twelve other soldiers, who, after suffering various torments, were submerged in the sea.

At Maronia, near Antioch, in Syria, St. Malchus, monk.

At Lyons, St. Viator, deacon of blessed Justus, bishop of that city.

At Laon, St. Cilinia, mother of blessed Remigius, bishop of Rheims.

[10-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 37; complete entry
At Jerusalem, the blessed bishop Mark, a celebrated and learned man, who was the first Gentile that governed the church of Jerusalem. His brief episcopate was rewarded by the palm of martyrdom, under the emperor Antoninus.

At Adrianople, in Thrace, the birthday of the holy martyrs Philip, bishop, Severus, priest, Eusebius, and Hermes, who, after being imprisoned and scourged, were burned alive, in the time of Julian the Apostate.

Also, the holy martyrs Alexander, bishop, Heracilus, soldier, and their companions.

At Fermo, in the Marches, St. Philip, bishop and martyr.

At Huesca, in Spain, the holy virgins Nunilo and Alodia, sisters, who endured martyrdom by being condemned to capital punishment by the Saracens for the confession of the faith.

At Cologne, St. Cordula, one of the companions of St. Ursula, who, being terrified at the torments and slaughter of the other virgins, hid herself, but soon repenting, came forward the next day, and last of all received the crown of martyrdom.

At Hierapolis, in Phrygia, St. Abercius, bishop, who flourished under the emperor Marcus Antoninus.

At Rouen, St. Melanius, bishop, who was ordained by pope St. Stephen, and sent thither to preach the Gospel.

In Tuscany, St. Donatus, of Scotland, bishop of Fiesoli.

At Verona, St. Verecundus, bishop and confessor.

At Jerusalem, St. Mary Salome, who, as we read in the Gospel, piously attended to the burial of our Lord.

[10-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 37; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In the territory of Ossuma, in Spain, near Cadiz, the holy martyrs Servandus and Germanus, in the persecution of Diocletian, under the lieutenant Viator. After being subjected to scourging, imprisonment in a foul dungeon, want of food and drink, and the fatigue of a very long journey, which they had to perform loaded with fetters, they at length reached the term of their martyrdom by having their heads stricken off. Germanus was buried at Merida, and Servandus at Seville.

At Antioch, in Syria, the birthday of the holy priest Theodore, who was arrested in the persecution of the impious Julian. After being racked, after suffering many severe torments, and the burning of his sides with torches, as he persevered in the confession of Christ, he was put to the sword, and thus consummated his martyrdom.

At Constantinople, St. Ignatius, bishop, who, for having reproved the emperor Bardas for putting away his wife, was subjected by him to many insults and driven into banishment. Being restored to his See by the Roman Pontiff Nicholas, he finally rested in peace.

At Bordeaux, St. Severin, bishop of Cologne and confessor.

At Rouen, St. Romanus, bishop.

At Salerno, St. Verus, bishop.

In Picardy, St. Domitius, priest.

In Poitou, St. Benedict, confessor.

[10-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 37-38; complete entry
At Venosa, in Basilicata, the birthday of the holy martyrs Felix, African bishop, Audactus and Januarius, priests, Fortunatus and Septimus, lectors. In the time of Diocletian, after having been a long time loaded with fetters, and imprisoned in Africa and Sicily by the governor Magdellian, as Felix refused absolutely to deliver the sacred books, according to the emperor's edict, they finally closed their lives by being beheaded.

At Nagran, in Arabia Felix, the passion of the Saint Aretas and his companions, to the number of three hundred and forty, in the time of the emperor Justin, under the Jewish tyrant Dunaan. After them was burned alive a Christian woman, whose son, five years old, confessed Christ lisping, and as he could neither by caresses nor threats be stopped, he rushed into the fire in which his mother was burning.

At Cologne, St. Evergistus, bishop and martyr.

At Constantinople, St. Proclus, bishop.

In Bretagne, the departure from this life of St. Maglorious, bishop, whose body rests at Paris.

In Campania, St. Mark, solitary, whose renowned actions have been recorded by St. Gregory.

[10-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 38; complete entry
At Rome, the holy martyrs Chrysanthus, and his wife Daria. After many sufferings endured for Christ, under the prefect Celerinus, they were ordered by the emperor Numerian to be thrown into a sandpit on the Salarian road, where, being overwhelmed with earth and stones, they were buried alive.

Also, at Rome, the birthday of forty-six holy soldiers, who were baptized together by pope Denis, and soon after beheaded by order of the emperor Claudius. They were buried on the Salarian way, with one hundred and twenty-one other martyrs. Among them are named four soldiers of Christ—Theodosius, Lucius, Mark and Peter.

At Soissons, in France, in the persecution of Diocletian, the holy martyrs Crispin and Crispinian, noble Romans. Under the governor Rictiovarus, after horrible torments, they were put to the sword, and thus obtained the crown of martyrdom. Their bodies were afterwards conveyed to Rome, and entombed with due honors in the church of St. Lawrence, in Panisperna.

At Florence, St. Minias, a soldier, who fought valorously for the faith of Christ and was gloriously crowned with martyrdom during the reign of Decius.

At Torres, in Sardinia, the holy martyrs Protus, priest, and Januarius, deacon, who, being sent to that island by pope St. Caius, were put to death, under the governor Barbarus, in the reign of Diocletian.

At Constantinople, the martyrdom of the Saints Martyrius, sub-deacon, and Marcian, chanter, who were murdered by the heretics, under the emperor Constantius.

At Rome, St. Boniface, pope and confessor.

At Perigueux, in France, St. Fronto, who, being made bishop by the blessed apostle Peter, converted to Christ, with a priest named George, a large number of the people of that place, and, renowned for miracles, rested in peace.

At Brescia, the birthday of St. Gaudentius, bishop, distinguished by his learning and holiness.

At Javols, St. Hilary, bishop.

[10-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 38; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, in the time of the emperor Adrian, St. Evaristus, pope and martyr, who enriched the Church of God with his blood.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Rogatian, priest, and Felicissimus, who received the bright crown of martyrs, in the persecution of Valerian and Gallienus. They are mentioned by St. Cyprian in his epistle to the Confessors.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs Lucian, Florius and their companions.

The same day, St. Quodvultdeus, bishop of Carthage. By the Arian king Genseric, he and his clergy were put on board of leaking boats without oars or sails, but beyond all expectations he landed at Naples, and there in exile died a confessor.

At Narbonne, St. Rusticus, bishop and confessor, who flourished in the time of the emperors Valentinian and Leo.

At Salerno, St. Gaudiosus, bishop.

At Hildesheim, in Saxony, St. Bernward, bishop and confessor, who was ranked among the saints by Celestine III.

Also, St. Quadragesimus, sub-deacon, who raised a dead man to life.

[10-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 38; selected notices; announcement line held for separate review
At Avila, in Spain, the Saints Vincent, Sabina and Christeta, who were first stretched on the rack in such a manner that all their limbs were dislocated; then stones being laid on their heads, and their brains beaten out with heavy bars, they terminated their martyrdom under the governor Dacian.

At Tilchatel, St. Florentius, martyr.

In Cappadocia, the holy martyrs Capitolina, and Erotheides, her handmaid, who suffered under Diocletian.

In India, St. Frumentius, bishop. While he was a captive there he was consecrated bishop by St. Athanasius, and preached the Gospel in that country.

In Ethiopia, St. Elesbaan, king, who, after having defeated the enemies of Christ and sent his royal diadem to Jerusalem, in the time of the emperor Justin, led a monastical life, as he had vowed, and went to his reward.

[10-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 38-39; complete entry
The birthday of the blessed apostles Simon the Cananean, and Thaddeus, who is called Jude. Simon preached the Gospel in Egypt, Thaddeus in Mesopotamia. Afterwards, entering Persia together, they converted to Christ a numberless multitude of the inhabitants, and then underwent martyrdom.

At Rome, in the reign of Claudius, St. Cyrilla, virgin, daughter of St. Tryphonia, who was pierced through the throat for the faith of Christ.

In the same city, the holy martyrs Anastasia the Elder, virgin, and Cyril. In the persecution of Valerian, under the prefect Probus, Anastasia was bound with chains, buffeted, subjected to fire and scourging, and, as she remained immovable in the confession of Christ, her breasts were cut off, her nails plucked out, her teeth broken, and her hands, feet and head severed from her body. Bedecked with her sufferings as with so many jewels, she went to her spouse. At her request, Cyril gave her some water to drink, and for his reward became a martyr.

At Como, St. Fidelis, martyr, under the emperor Maximian.

At Mayence, St. Ferrutius, martyr.

At Meaux, St. Faro, bishop and confessor.

At Naples, St. Gaudiosus, an African bishop, who came to Campania because of the persecution of the Vandals, and closed peacefully his holy career in a monastery near that city.

At Vercelli, St. Honoratus, bishop.

[10-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 39; complete entry
In Lucania, the holy martyrs Hyacinthus, Quinctus, Felician and Lucius.

At Sidon, in Phœnicia, St. Zenobius, a priest. Whilst the last persecution was raging, by exhorting others to martyrdom, he was himself deemed worthy of it.

The same day, the holy bishops Maximilian, martyr, and Valentine, confessor.

At Bergamo, St. Eusebia, virgin and martyr.

At Jerusalem, the birthday of blessed Narcissus, a bishop distinguished for holiness, patience and faith, who went to the kingdom of God at the age of one hundred and sixteen years.

At Autun, St. John, bishop and confessor.

At Cassiope, in the island of Corfu, St. Donatus, mentioned by the blessed pope Gregory.

At Vienne, the departure from this world of blessed Theodore, abbot.

[10-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 39; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Africa, the birthday of two hundred and twenty holy martyrs.

At Tangier, in Morocco, St. Marcellus, a centurion, who endured martyrdom by being beheaded under the vice-prefect Agricolaus.

At Alexandria, in the reign of Decius, thirteen holy martyrs, who suffered with Saints Julian, Eunus and Macarius.

In the same place, St. Eutropia, martyr, who visited the martyrs, and was so cruelly tortured with them that she breathed her last.

At Cagliari, in Sardinia, St. Saturninus, martyr, who was beheaded under the governor Barbarus, during the persecution of Diocletian.

At Apamea, in Phrygia, St. Maximus, martyr, under the same Diocletian.

At Leon, in Spain, the holy martyrs Claudius, Lupercus, and Victorius, sons of the centurion St. Marcellus, who were condemned to decapitation, in the persecution of Diocletian and Maximian, under the governor Diogenian.

At Ægea, in Cilicia, the martyrdom of the Saints Zenobius, bishop, and Zenobia, his sister, under the emperor Diocletian and the governor Lysias.

At Altino, St. Theonestus, bishop and martyr, who was killed by the Arians.

At Paris, St. Lucanus, martyr.

At Antioch, St. Serapion, a bishop very celebrated for his learning.

At Capua, St. Germanus, bishop and confessor, a man of great sanctity, whose soul, at the hour of death, was seen by St. Benedict taken to heaven by angels.

At Potenza, in Basilicata, St. Gerard, bishop.

[10-31]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 39; selected notices; announcement line held for separate review
At Rome, the birthday of blessed Nemesius, deacon, and his daughter, the virgin Lucilla. As they could not be prevailed upon to abandon the faith of Christ, they were beheaded on the 25th of August by order of the emperor Valerian. Their bodies were buried by the blessed pope Stephen, and afterwards more decently entombed on this day, on the Appian road, by blessed Xystus. Gregory V. translated them into the sacristy of Santa Maria Nova, together with the Saints Symphronius, Olympius, tribune, Exuperia, his wife, and Theodulus, his son, who, being all converted by the exertions of Symphronius, and baptized by the same St. Stephen, had been crowned with martyrdom. These holy bodies were found there during the Pontificate of Gregory XIII., and placed more honorably beneath the altar of the same church, on the 8th of December.

The same day, the Saints Ampliatus, Urbanus and Narcissus, who are mentioned by St. Paul in his epistle to the Romans. They were put to death by the Jews and Gentiles for the Gospel of Christ.

At Saint-Quentin, in France, St. Quinctinus, Roman citizen and senator, who endured martyrdom under the emperor Maximian. By the revelation of an angel, his body was found incorrupt after the lapse of fifty-five years.

At Constantinople, St. Stachis, bishop, who was consecrated first bishop of that city by the blessed apostle Andrew.

At Milan, St. Antoninus, bishop and confessor.

At Ratisbon, St. Wolfgang, bishop.

[11-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 39-40; complete entry
The Festival of All Saints, which pope Boniface IV., after the dedication of the Pantheon, ordained to be kept generally and solemnly every year, in the city of Rome, in honor of the blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God, and of the holy martyrs. It was afterwards decreed by Gregory IV. that this feast, which was then celebrated in many dioceses, but at different times, should be on this day perpetually and solemnly kept by the whole Church in honor of all the Saints.

At Terracina, in Campania, the birthday of St. Cæsarius, deacon, who was for many days detained in prison, afterwards put into a sack with St. Julian, priest, and then precipitated into the sea.

At Dijon, St. Benignus, a priest, who was sent to France by blessed Polycarp to preach the Gospel. After he had been subjected to many most grievous torments, by the judge Terentius, under the emperor Marcus Aurelius, he was finally condemned to have his neck struck with an iron bar and his body pierced with a lance.

The same day, St. Mary, handmaid. Accused of professing the Christian religion, in the time of the emperor Adrian, she was subjected to cruel scourging, to torture on the rack, and the lacerating of her body with iron hooks, and thus completed her martyrdom.

At Damascus, the martyrdom of the Saints Cæsarius, Dacius and five others.

In Persia, under king Sapor, the holy martyrs John, bishop, and James, priest.

At Tarsus, the Saints Cyrenia and Juliana, under the emperor Maximian.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Austremonius, first bishop of that city.

At Paris, the decease of St. Marcellus, bishop.

At Bayeux, St. Vigor, bishop, in the time of Childebert, king of the Franks.

At Tivoli, St. Severin, monk.

In Gatinais, St. Maturin, confessor.

[11-02]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 40; complete entry
The Commemoration of all the faithful departed.

The same day, the birthday of St. Victorinus, bishop of Poitiers, who, after writing many works, as is attested by St. Jerome, was crowned with martyrdom in the persecution of Diocletian.

At Trieste, blessed Justus, who consummated his martyrdom in the same persecution, under the governor Manatius.

At Sebaste, the Saints Carterius, Styriacus, Tobias, Eudoxius, Agapius, and their companions, martyrs, under the emperor Licinius.

In Persia, the holy martyrs Acindynus, Pegasius, Aphtonius, Elpidephorus and Anempodistus, with their numerous companions.

In Africa, the birthday of the holy martyrs Publius, Victor, Hermes, and Papias.

At Tarsus, in Cilicia, in the reign of Julian the Apostate, St. Eustochium, virgin and martyr, who breathed her last in prayer in the midst of severe torments.

At Laodicea, in Syria, St. Theodotus, a bishop, powerful in words, and adorned with good works and virtues.

At Vienne, St. George, bishop.

In the monastery of St. Maurice, in Switzerland, St. Ambrose, abbot.

At Cyrus, in Syria, St. Marcian, confessor.

[11-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 40; complete entry
The birthday of St. Quartus, disciple of the apostles.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, the holy martyrs Germanus, Theophilus, Cæsarius and Vitalis, who became illustrious martyrs in the persecution of Decius.

At Saragossa, under Dacian, governor of Spain, innumerable holy martyrs, who laid down their lives for Christ with admirable fervor.

At Viterbo, during the persecution of Maximian, the holy martyrs Valentine, priest, and Hilary, deacon. For attachment to the faith of Christ, they were cast into the Tiber with a stone tied to them, but being miraculously rescued by an angel, they were beheaded, and thus were crowned with the glory of martyrdom.

In England, St. Winefride, virgin and martyr.

In the monastery of Clairvaux, the decease of St. Malachy, bishop of Armagh, in Ireland, who won renown in his own days for his many virtues, and whose life was written by the abbot St. Bernard.

The same day, St. Hubert, bishop of Tongres.

At Vienne, St. Domnus, bishop and confessor.

Also, the departure from this life of St. Pirminus, bishop of Meaux.

At Urgel, in Spain, St. Hermengaudus, bishop.

At Rome, St. Sylvia, mother of pope St. Gregory.

[11-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 40-41; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Bologna, the holy martyrs Vitalis and Agricola. The former was first the servant of the latter, and afterwards his partner and colleague in martyrdom. He was subjected by the persecutors to all kinds of torments, so that there was no part of his body without wounds. After having suffered with constancy, he yielded up his soul to God in prayer. Agricola was put to death by being fastened to a cross with many nails. St. Ambrose relates that being present at their translation, he took the martyr's nails, his glorious blood, and the wood of his cross, and deposited them under the consecrated altars.

The same day, the birthday of the Saints Philologus and Patrobas, disciples of the apostle St. Paul.

At Autun, St. Proculus, martyr.

In Vexin (in the North of France), St. Clarus, priest and martyr.

At Ephesus, St. Porphyry, martyr, under the emperor Aurelian.

At Myra, in Lycia, the holy martyrs Nicander, bishop, and Hermas, priest, under the governor Libanius.

The same day, the birthday of St. Pierius, priest of Alexandria, who, being deeply versed in the sacred Scriptures, leading a very pure life, and freed from all impediments in order to apply to Christian philosophy, taught the people with great renown, and published various treatises, under the emperors Carus and Diocletian, when Theonas governed the church of Alexandria. After the persecution, he spent the remainder of his life at Rome, where he rested in peace.

At Rhodez, in France, blessed Amantius, bishop, whose life was resplendent with sanctity and miracles.

In Bithynia, St. Joannicius, abbot.

In Hungary, at Alba-Regale, the demise of St. Emeric, confessor, son of St. Stephen, king of Hungary.

At Treves, St. Modesta, virgin.

[11-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 41; complete entry
St. Zachary, priest and prophet, father of blessed John the Baptist.

Also, St. Elizabeth, mother of the same most holy precursor.

At Terracina, in Campania, the birthday of the holy martyrs, Felix, priest, and Eusebius, monk. The latter having buried the holy martyrs Julian and Cæsarius, and converted to the faith of Christ, many whom the priest St. Felix baptized, was arrested with him, and both being led to the tribunal of the judge, who could not succeed in intimidating them, they were shut up in prison, and as they refused to offer sacrifice, were beheaded that same night.

At Emesa, in Phœnicia, during the persecution of Decius, the holy martyrs Galation, and Epistemis, his wife, who were scourged, had their hands, feet and tongue severed from their bodies, and finally consummated their martyrdom by decapitation.

Also, the holy martyrs Domninus, Theotimus, Philotheus, Silvanus, and their companions, under the emperor Maximinus.

At Milan, St. Magnus, bishop and confessor.

At Brescia, St. Dominator, bishop.

At Treves, St. Fibitius, who was made bishop of that city while filling the office of abbot.

At Orleans, in France, St. Lætus, priest and confessor.

[11-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 41; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Padua, the demise of St. Prosdocimus, first bishop of that city, who was ordained bishop by the blessed apostle Peter, and sent thither to preach the word of God, where, celebrated for many virtues and prodigies, he happily ended his life.

At Perugia, St. Herculanus, bishop and martyr.

The same day, St. Amaranthus, martyr, who was buried in the city of Albi, after the termination of combats faithfully sustained, but lives in eternal glory.

At Melitine, in Armenia, the martyrdom of the Saints Hieron, Nicander, Hesychius, and thirty others, who were crowned in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Lysias.

At Amphipolis, in Macedonia, the holy martyrs Auctus, Taurio and Thessalonica.

At Ancyra, the passion of the Saints Melasippus, Anthony and Carina, under Julian the Apostate.

At Alexandria, blessed Achillas, a bishop renowned for erudition, faith and purity of life.

In Friesland, the decease of St. Willibrord, bishop of Utrecht, who was consecrated bishop by the blessed pope Sergius, and preached the Gospel in Friesland and Denmark.

At Metz, St. Rufus, bishop and confessor.

At Strasburg, St. Florentius, bishop.

[11-08]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 41-42; complete entry
The Octave of All Saints.

At Rome, on the Lavican road, three miles from the city, the martyrdom of the Saints Claudius, Nicostratus, Symphorian, Castorius and Simplicius, who were first sent to prison, then scourged with whips set with metal, and as they could not be made to forsake the faith of Christ, Diocletian ordered them to be thrown into the river.

Also, on the Lavican way, the birthday of the saintly brothers, Severus, Severian, Carpophorus and Victorinus, called the Four Crowned, who were scourged to death with leaded whips, during the reign of the same emperor. As their names, known some years afterwards by revelation, could not then be ascertained, it was ordered that their anniversary should be commemorated with the preceding five, under the name of the Four Saints Crowned. This appellation was retained by the Church, even after their names had been revealed.

At Rome, St. Deusdedit, pope, whose merit was so great that he cured a leper by kissing him.

At Bremen, St. Willehad, first bishop of that city, who, in conjunction with St. Boniface, whose disciple he was, spread the Gospel in Friesland and Saxony.

At Soissons, in France, St. Godfrey, bishop of Amiens, a man of great holiness.

At Verdun, St. Maurus, bishop and confessor.

At Tours, St. Clarus, priest, whose epitaph was written by St. Paulinus.

[11-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 42; complete entry
At Rome, the dedication of the Basilica of our Saviour.

At Amasea, in Pontus, the birthday of St. Theodore, a soldier, in the time of the emperor Maximian. For the confession of Christ, he was severely scourged and sent to prison, where he was comforted by an apparition of our Lord, who exhorted him to act with courage and constancy. He was finally stretched on the rack, lacerated with iron hooks till his intestines were laid bare, and then cast into the flames to be burned alive. His glorious deeds have been celebrated in a magnificent oration by St. Gregory of Nyssa.

At Tyana, in Cappadocia, the martyrdom of St. Orestes, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Thessalonica, St. Alexander, martyr, during the reign of Maximian.

At Bourges, St. Ursinus, confessor, who was ordained at Rome by the successors of the apostles and appointed first bishop of that city.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Agrippinus, a bishop renowned for miracles.

At Constantinople, the holy virgins Eustolia, a native of Rome, and Sopatra, daughter of the emperor Maurice.

At Berytus, in Syria, the Commemoration of the Image of our Saviour, which being fastened to a cross by the Jews, poured out blood so copiously that the Eastern and Western Churches received abundantly of it.

[11-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 42; complete entry
At Tours, in France, the birthday of blessed Martin, bishop and confessor, whose life was so renowned for miracles that he received the power to raise three persons from the dead.

At Cotyæum, in Phrygia, during the persecution of Diocletian, the celebrated martyrdom of St. Mennas, Egyptian soldier, who cast off the military belt and obtained the grace of serving the King of heaven secretly in the desert. Afterwards coming out publicly, and freely declaring himself a Christian, he was first subjected to dire torments; and finally kneeling in prayer, and giving thanks to our Lord Jesus Christ, he was struck with the sword. After his death, he was renowned for many miracles.

At Ravenna, the holy martyrs Valentine, Felician and Victorinus, who were crowned in the persecution of Diocletian.

In Mesopotamia, St. Athenodorus, martyr, who was subjected to fire and other torments under the same Diocletian and the governor Eleusius. He was at length sentenced to capital punishment, but the executioner having fallen down and no other person daring to strike him with the sword, he passed to his repose in the Lord whilst praying.

At Lyons, St. Veranus, bishop, whose life was illustrated by his faith and other virtues.

In the monastery of Crypta-Ferrata, near Frascati, the holy abbot, Bartholomew, companion of blessed Nilus, whose life he wrote.

In the province of Abruzzo, blessed Mennas, solitary, whose virtues and miracles are mentioned by pope St. Gregory.

[11-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 42-43; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of St. Martin, pope and martyr. Because he had convoked a council at Rome, and condemned the heretics Sergius, Paul and Pyrrhus, he was taken prisoner treacherously by order of the heretical emperor Constans, carried to Constantinople and banished to Chersonesus, where he ended his life, consumed with afflictions endured for the Catholic faith, and with a reputation for many miracles. His body was subsequently transferred to Rome, and deposited in the church of the Saints Silvester and Martin.

In Asia, the martyrdom of the Saints Aurelius and Publius, bishops.

In the diocese of Sens, St. Paternus, martyr.

At Ghent, St. Livinus, bishop and martyr.

In Poland, the holy martyrs Benedict, John, Matthew, Isaac and Christinus, hermits.

At Avignon, St. Rufus, first bishop of that city.

At Cologne, the decease of St. Cunibert, bishop.

At Tarazona, in Spain, blessed Æmilian, a priest who wrought numberless miracles, and whose wonderful life was written by St. Braulio, bishop of Saragossa.

At Constantinople, St. Nilus, abbot who resigned the office of governor of the city to become a monk, and was distinguished for learning and sanctity, in the time of Theodosius the Younger.

Also, at Constantinople, St. Theodore Studita, who became celebrated throughout the whole Catholic Church by his vigorous defence of the faith against the Iconoclasts.

[11-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 43; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Ravenna, the birthday of the holy martyrs Valentine, Solutor and Victor, who suffered under the emperor Diocletian.

At Aix, in Province, St. Matrius, a most renowned martyr.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, the martyrdom of the Saints Antoninus, Zebina, Germanus and Ennatha, virgin. Ennatha was scourged under Galerius Maximian, and burned alive, while the others, for boldly reproaching the governor Firmilian for his idolatry in sacrificing to the gods, were beheaded.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Arcadius, Paschasius, Probus and Eutychian, Spaniards, who refused absolutely to yield to the Arian perfidy, during the persecution of the Vandals. Accordingly they were proscribed by the Arian king Genseric, driven into exile, and finally, after being subjected to fearful tortures, were put to death in various manners. Then was also made manifest the constancy of the small boy Paulillus, brother of the Saints Paschasius and Eutychian. As he could not be seduced from the Catholic faith, he was a long time beaten with rods, and condemned to a base servitude.

At Rome, pope St. Nicholas, distinguished for the apostolic spirit.

At Tours, St. Brice, bishop, disciple of the blessed bishop Martin.

At Toledo, St. Eugenius, bishop.

At Clermont, in Auvergne, St. Quinctian, bishop.

At Cremona, St. Homobonus, confessor, renowned for miracles. He was ranked among the saints by Innocent III.

[11-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 43; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Heraclea, in Thrace, the birthday of the holy martyrs Clementinus, Theodotus and Philomenus.

At Alexandria, St. Serapion, martyr, whom the persecutors, under the emperor Decius, subjected to torments so cruel that all his limbs were disjointed. He became a martyr of Christ by being hurled down from the upper part of his house.

At Troyes, in France, St. Venerandus, martyr, under the emperor Aurelian.

Also, in France, the holy virgin Veneranda, who received the crown of martyrdom under the emperor Antoninus and the governor Asclepiades.

At Gangres, in Paphlagonia, St. Hypatius, bishop, who on his way home from the great council of Nice, was attacked with stones by the Novatian heretics, and died a martyr.

At Emesa, the passion of many holy women, who were barbarously tortured and massacred under Mady, a savage Arabian chief.

At Bologna, St. Jucundus, bishop and confessor.

In Ireland, St. Lawrence, bishop of Dublin.

[11-15]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 43-44; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The same day, the birthday of St. Eugenius, bishop of Toledo, and martyr, disciple of blessed Denis the Areopagite. Having consummated his martyrdom near Paris, he received from our Lord a crown for his blessed sufferings. His body was afterwards conveyed to Toledo.

At Nola, in Campania, blessed Felix, bishop and martyr, who was renowned for miracles from the fifteenth year of his age. He terminated the combats of his martyrdom with thirty others, under the governor Marcian.

At Edessa, in Syria, the holy martyrs Gurias and Samonas, under the emperor Diocletian and the governor Antoninus.

In the same place, the martyrdom of St. Abibus, deacon, who was torn with iron hooks, and cast into the fire in the time of the emperor Licinius and the governor Lysanias.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Secundus, Fidentian, and Varicus.

In Bretagne, the birthday of St. Malo, bishop, who was glorious for miracles from his early years.

At Verona, St. Luperius, bishop and confessor.

In Austria, St. Leopold, margrave of that country, who was inscribed among the saints by Innocent VIII.

[11-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 44; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Africa, the holy martyrs Rufinus, Mark, Valerius and their companions.

The same day, the holy martyrs Elpidius, Marcellus, Eustochius, and their companions. Elpidius being a senator, and having perseveringly confessed the Christian faith before Julian the Apostate, was, with his companions, first tied to wild horses and dragged by them, and then being thrown into the fire, ended a glorious martyrdom.

At Lyons, the birthday of St. Eucherius, bishop and confessor, a man of extraordinary faith and learning. He renounced the senatorial dignity to embrace the religious life, and for a long time voluntarily shut himself up in a cavern, where he served Christ in prayer and fasting. Afterwards, through the revelation of an angel, he was solemnly installed in the episcopal chair of the city of Lyons.

At Padua, St. Fidentius, bishop.

The same day, the departure from this world of St. Othmar, abbot.

[11-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 44; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Neocæsarea, in Pontus, the birthday of St. Gregory, bishop, illustrious by his learning and sanctity. The prodigies and miracles which he wrought to the great glory of the Church gained for him the surname of Wonder-worker.

In Palestine, the holy martyrs Alphæus and Zacchæus, who in the first year of the persecution of Diocletian, after many torments underwent capital punishment.

At Cordova, during the same persecution, the holy martyrs Acisclus, and Victoria, his sister, who were most cruelly tortured by order of the governor Dion, and thus merited to be crowned by our Lord for their glorious sufferings.

At Alexandria, St. Denis, bishop, a man of the most profound learning. Renowned for having often confessed the faith, and illustrious by the various sufferings and torments he had endured, full of days he rested in peace a confessor, in the time of the emperors Valerian and Gallienus.

At Orleans, St. Anian, bishop, whose precious death in the sight of the Lord is attested by frequent miracles.

In England, St. Hugh, bishop, who was called from a Carthusian monastery to the government of the church of Lincoln. He ended his holy life in peace, renowned for many miracles.

At Tours, St. Gregory, bishop.

At Florence, St. Eugenius, confessor, deacon of blessed Zenobius, bishop of that city.

[11-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 44-45; selected notices; adapted for AWRV observance
At Rome, the Dedication of the basilicas of the holy apostles Peter and Paul.

At Antioch, the birthday of St. Romanus, martyr, in the time of the emperor Galerius. When the prefect Asclepiades broke into the churches and strove to destroy them completely, Romanus exhorted the Christians to resist him, and after being subjected to dire torments and the cutting out of his tongue (without which, however, he spoke the praises of God), he was strangled in prison and crowned with a glorious martyrdom. Before him suffered a young boy named Barula, who being asked by him whether it was better to worship one God or several gods, and having answered that we must believe in the one God whom the Christians adore, was scourged and beheaded.

Also, at Antioch, the holy martyr Hesychius, a soldier. Hearing the order that anyone refusing to sacrifice to idols, should lay aside his military belt, he immediately took off his. For this reason, he was precipitated into the river with a large stone tied to his right hand.

The same day, the Saints Oriculus and his companions, who suffered for the Catholic faith, in the persecution of the Vandals.

At Mayence, St. Maximus, bishop, who, after suffering much from the Arians, died a confessor, in the time of Constantius.

At Tours, the departure from this life of blessed Odo, abbot of Cluny.

At Antioch, St. Thomas, a monk honored with an annual solemnity by the people of Antioch, for having obtained the cessation of a pestilence by his prayers.

At Lucca, in Tuscany, the translation of St. Frigdian, bishop and confessor.

[11-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 45; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The same day, the birthday of St. Pontian, pope and martyr, who, with the priest Hippolytus, was transported to Sardinia, by the emperor Alexander, and there, being scourged to death with rods, consummated his martyrdom. His body was conveyed to Rome by the blessed pope Fabian, and buried in the cemetery of Callistus.

At Samaria, the holy prophet Abdias.

At Rome, on the Appian road, the birthday of St. Maximus, priest and martyr, who suffered in the persecution of Valerian, and was buried near St. Xystus.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, St. Barlaam, martyr, who, though unpolished and ignorant, yet armed with the wisdom of Christ, overcame the tyrant, and, by the constancy of his faith, subdued fire itself. On his birthday, St. Basil the Great delivered a celebrated discourse.

At Ecijo, the blessed bishop Crispinus, who obtained the glory of martyrdom by decapitation.

At Vienne, the holy martyrs Severinus, Exuperius and Felician. Their bodies, after the lapse of many years, were found through their own revelation, and being taken up with due honors by the bishop, clergy and people of that city, were buried with becoming solemnity.

The same day, St. Faustus, deacon of Alexandria, who was first banished with St. Denis, in the persecution of Valerian; later, in the persecution of Diocletian, being far advanced in age, he consummated his martyrdom by the sword.

In Isauria, the martyrdom of Saint Azas and his military companions, to the number of one hundred and fifty, under the emperor Diocletian and the tribune Aquilinus.

[11-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 45; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Messina, in Sicily, the holy martyrs Ampelus and Caius.

At Turin, the holy martyrs Octavius, Solutor and Adventor, soldiers of the Theban Legion, who fought valiantly for the faith under the emperor Maximian, and were crowned with martyrdom.

At Cæsarea, in Palestine, in the time of the emperor Galerius Maximian, the holy martyr Agapius, who was condemned to be devoured by the beasts; but being unhurt by them, he was cast into the sea with stones tied to his feet.

In Persia, the martyrdom of the holy bishop Nersas and his companions.

At Dorostorum, in Mysia, St. Dasius, bishop, who, for refusing to consent to the impurities practised on the feast of Saturn, was put to death, under the governor Bassus. At Nicæa, in Bithynia, the holy martyrs Eustachius, Thespesius and Anatolius, in the persecution of Maximinus.

At Heraclea, in Thrace, the holy martyrs Bassus, Denis, Agapitus and forty others.

In England, St. Edmund, king and martyr.

At Constantinople, St. Gregory of Decapolis, who suffered many tribulations for the worship of holy images.

At Milan, St. Benignus, a bishop, who, amidst the serious troubles caused by the barbarians, governed the church entrusted to him with the greatest constancy and piety.

At Chalons, St. Silvester, a bishop, who went to God in the forty-second year of his priesthood, full of days and virtues.

At Verona, St. Simplicius, bishop and confessor.

[11-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 45; complete entry
In the temple at Jerusalem, the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Mother of God.

The same day, the birthday of blessed Rufus, mentioned by the apostle St. Paul in his epistle to the Romans.

At Rome, the martyrdom of the Saints Celsus and Clement.

At Ostia, the holy martyrs Demetrius and Honorius.

At Rheims, St. Albert, bishop of Liege and martyr, who was put to death for defending the liberties of the Church.

In Spain, the holy martyrs Honorius, Eutychius and Stephen.

In Pamphylia, St. Heliodorus, martyr, in the persecution of Aurelian, under the governor Aetius. After his death his executioners were converted to the faith and thrown into the sea.

At Rome, St. Gelasius, pope, distinguished for learning and sanctity.

At Verona, St. Maurus, bishop and confessor.

In the monastery of Bobio, the departure from this life of St. Columban, abbot, who founded many convents and governed a large number of monks. He died at an advanced age, celebrated for many virtues.

[11-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 45-46; complete entry
At Rome, St. Cecilia, virgin and martyr, who brought to the faith of Christ her spouse Valerian and his brother Tiburtius, and encouraged them to martyrdom. After their death, being arrested by order of Almachius, prefect of the city, and exposed to the fire, from which she came out uninjured, she terminated her glorious sufferings by the sword, in the time of the emperor Marcus Aurelius Severus Alexander.

At Colossæ, in Phrygia, during the reign of Nero, Saints Philemon and Apphias, disciples of St. Paul. When the Gentiles rushed into the church on the feast of Diana, they were arrested whilst the other Christians fled, and by the command of the governor Artocles, were scourged, let down into a pit up to their waist, and overwhelmed with stones.

Also, at Rome, St. Maurus, martyr, who, coming from Africa to visit the tombs of the Apostles, was condemned to die, under the emperor Numerian, Celerinus being prefect of the city.

At Antioch, in Pisidia, the martyrdom of the Saints Mark and Stephen, under the emperor Diocletian.

At Autun, St. Pragmatius, bishop and confessor.

[11-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 46; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The birthday of pope St. Clement, who held the sovereign Pontificate the third after the blessed apostle Peter. In the persecution of Trajan, he was banished to Chersonesus, where, being precipitated into the sea with an anchor tied to his neck, he was crowned with martyrdom. His body was taken to Rome during the pontificate of Nicholas I., and placed with due honors in the church which had been previously built under his invocation.

At Rome, St. Felicitas, mother of seven sons, martyrs. After them she was beheaded for Christ, by order of the emperor Marcus Antoninus.

At Merida, in Spain, St. Lucretia, virgin and martyr, who consummated her martyrdom in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Dacian.

At Cyzicum, in Hellespont, St. Sisinius, martyr, who, after many torments, was put to the sword, in the same persecution.

At Iconium, in Lycaonia, the holy bishop Amphilochius, who was the companion of St. Basil and St. Gregory Nazianzen in the desert, and their colleague in the episcopate. After many combats for the Catholic faith, he rested in peace, with the reputation of a holy and learned prelate.

At Girgenti, the decease of St. Gregory, bishop.

In the village of Hasbein, St. Tron, priest and confessor.

[11-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 46; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
The same day, the birthday of St. Chrysogonus, martyr. After a long imprisonment in chains for the constant confession of Christ, he was by order of Diocletian taken to Aquileia, where he terminated his martyrdom by being beheaded and thrown into the sea.

At Rome, St. Crescentian, martyr, whose name is mentioned in the Acts of the blessed pope Marcellus.

At Amelia, in Umbria, during the persecution of Diocletian, St. Firmina, virgin and martyr, who, after being subjected to various torments, to hanging, and to burning with flaming torches, yielded up her spirit.

At Corinth, St. Alexander, martyr, who fought unto death for the faith of Christ, under Julian the Apostate and the governor Sallust.

At Cordova, the saintly virgins and martyrs Flora and Mary, who were for a long time confined in prison and slain with the sword, in the persecution of the Arabs.

At Perugia, St. Felicissimus, martyr.

At Milan, St. Protasius, bishop, who defended the cause of Athanasius before the emperor Constans, in the council of Sardica. Having sustained many labors for the church entrusted to him and for religion, he departed this life to go to the Lord.

In the castle of Blaye, St. Romanus, a priest, whose holiness is proclaimed by glorious miracles.

In Auvergne, St. Portian, an abbot, who was renowned for miracles in the time of king Theodoric.

[11-25]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 46; complete entry
The birthday of St. Catharine, virgin and martyr, under the emperor Maximinus. For the confession of the Christian faith, she was cast into prison at Alexandria, and afterwards endured a long scourging with whips garnished with metal, and finally ended her martyrdom by decapitation. Her body was miraculously conveyed by angels to Mount Sinai, where pious veneration is paid to it by a great concourse of Christians.

At Rome, St. Moses, priest and martyr, who, with others detained in prison, was often consoled by the letters of St. Cyprian. After he had withstood with unbending courage not only the Gentiles, but also the Novatian schismatics and heretics, he was finally, in the persecution of Decius, crowned with a martyrdom which fills the mind with admiration, according to the words of pope St. Cornelius.

At Antioch, St. Erasmus, martyr.

At Cæsarea, in Cappadocia, St. Mercury, soldier, who vanquished the barbarians and triumphed over the cruelty of Decius through the protection of his guardian angel. Finally, having acquired great glory from his sufferings, he was crowned with martyrdom and went to reign forever in heaven.

In Æmilia, a province of Italy, St. Jucunda, virgin.

[11-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 46-47; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Alexandria, the birthday of St. Peter, bishop of that city, adorned with all virtues, who was beheaded by the command of Galerius Maximian.

There suffered also at Alexandria, in the same persecution, the holy martyrs Faustus, priest, Didius and Ammonius; likewise, Phileas, Hesychius, Pachomius and Theodore, Egyptian bishops, with six hundred and sixty others, whom the sword of persecution sent to heaven.

At Nicomedia, in the time of Constantius, St. Marcellus, a priest, who died a martyr by being hurled down from a rock.

At Padua, St. Bellinus, bishop and martyr.

At Rome, St. Siricius, pope and confessor, celebrated for his learning, piety and zeal for religion, who condemned various heretics, and published salutary laws concerning ecclesiastical discipline.

At Autun, St. Amator, bishop.

At Constance, St. Conrad, bishop.

In the diocese of Rheims, the birthday of St. Basolus, confessor.

At Adrianople, in Paphlagonia, St. Stylian, anchoret, renowned for miracles.

In Armenia, St. Nicon, monk.

[11-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 47; complete entry
At Antioch, the holy martyrs Basileus, bishop, Auxilius, and Saturninus.

In Persia, St. James Intercisus, a distinguished martyr. In the time of Theodosius the Younger, he denied Christ to please king Isdegerdes, but his mother and his wife having for that reason withdrawn from his company, he entered into himself, and returned to the king to declare his faith in our Lord, whereupon the irritated monarch condemned him to be cut to pieces and beheaded. Countless other martyrs suffered at this time in the same country.

At Sebaste, in Armenia, the holy martyrs Hirenarchus, Acacius, priest, and seven women. Struck with the constancy of these women, Hirenarchus was converted to Christ, and with Acacius died under the axe, in the reign of the emperor Diocletian and under the governor Maximus.

In Galicia, on the river Cæa, the Saints Facundus and Primitivus, who suffered under the governor Atticus.

At Aquileia, St. Valerian, bishop.

At Riez, in France, St. Maximus, bishop and confessor, who, from his tender years, was endowed with every grace and virtue. Being first superior of the monastery of Lerins, and afterwards bishop of the church of Riez, he was celebrated for the working of miracles and prodigies.

At Salzburg, in Austria, St. Virgilius, bishop, and apostle of Carinthia, inscribed among the saints by Sovereign Pontiff Gregory IX.

In India, on the confines of Persia, the Saints Barlaam and Josaphat, whose wonderful deeds were written by St. John Damascene.

At Paris, the departure from this world of St. Severin, monk and solitary.

[11-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 47; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Rome, St. Rufus, who, with all his family, was made a martyr by Diocletian.

At Corinth, the birthday of St. Sosthenes, disciple of the blessed apostle Paul, who is mentioned by that apostle in his epistle to the Corinthians. He was chief of the synagogue when converted to Christ, and, as a glorious beginning, consecrated the first fruits of his faith by being scourged in the presence of the proconsul Gallio.

In Africa, under the Arian king Genseric, in the persecution of the Vandals, the holy martyrs Papinian and Mansuetus, bishops, who, for the Catholic faith, were burned in every part of their bodies with hot plates of iron, and thus ended their glorious combat. At this time also, other holy bishops, Valerian, Urban, Crescens, Eustachius, Cresconius, Crescentian, Felix, Hortulanus, and Florentian, terminated the course of their lives in exile.

At Constantinople, in the time of Constantine Copronymus, the holy martyrs Stephen the Younger, Basil, Peter, Andrew and their companions, numbering three hundred and thirty-nine monks, who were subjected to various torments for the worship of holy images, and confirmed the Catholic truth with the shedding of their blood.

At Rome, blessed pope Gregory III., who departed for heaven with a reputation for sanctity and miracles.

[11-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 47-48; selected notices; announcement line held for separate review
At Rome, on the Salarian road, the birthday of the holy martyr Saturninus, an aged man, and the deacon Sisinius, in the time of the emperor Maximian. After a long imprisonment, they were, by order of the prefect of the city, placed on the rack, distended with ropes, scourged with rods and whips garnished with metal, then exposed to the flames, taken down from the rack and beheaded.

At Toulouse, in the time of Decius, the holy bishop Saturninus, who was confined by the Pagans in the capitol of that city, and from the highest part of the building precipitated down the stairs; by which fall, having his head crushed, his brains dashed out and his whole body mangled, he rendered his worthy soul to our Lord.

Also, the martyrdom of the Saints Paramon and his companions, to the number of three hundred and seventy-five, under the emperor Decius and the governor Aquilinus.

At Ancyra, St. Philomenus, martyr. During the persecution of the emperor Aurelian, under the governor Felix, he was first exposed to the flames, then having his hands, feet and head pierced with nails, consummated his martyrdom.

At Veroli, the holy martyrs Blasius and Demetrius.

At Todi, St. Illuminata, virgin.

[12-01]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 48; complete entry
The prophet Nahum, who was buried in Begabar.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Diodorus, priest, and Marian, deacon, with many others, who by the command of the emperor Numerian, were made partakers of the glory of martyrdom.

In the same city, the martyrdom of the saints Lucius, Rogatus, Cassian, and Candida.

The same day, St. Ansanus, martyr, who confessed Christ at Rome, and was cast into prison, in the time of the emperor Diocletian. Being afterwards conducted to Siena, in Tuscany, he there ended the course of his martyrdom by decapitation.

At Amelia, in Umbria, St. Olympias, ex-consul, who was converted to the faith by blessed Firmina, and being tortured on the rack, consummated his martyrdom under Diocletian.

At Arbele, in Persia, St. Ananias, martyr.

At Narni, St. Proculus, bishop and martyr, who after performing many good works, was beheaded by order of Totila, king of the Goths.

At Casale, St. Evasius, bishop and martyr.

At Milan, St. Castritian, bishop, who was eminent for virtues and the practice of pious and religious deeds in very troublous times for the Church.

At Brescia, St. Ursicinus, bishop.

At Noyon, St. Eligius, bishop, whose life is rendered illustrious by a considerable number of miracles.

At Verdun, St. Agericus, bishop.

The same day, St. Natalia, wife of the blessed martyr Adrian, under the emperor Diocletian. For a long time she served the holy martyrs detained in prison at Nicomedia, and when their combats were at an end, she repaired to Constantinople, where she went peacefully to her repose in the Lord.

[12-03]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 48-49; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Judea, the holy prophet Sophonias.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Claudius, tribune, and Hilaria, his wife, with Jason and Maurus, their sons, and seventy soldiers. By the command of the emperor Numerian, Claudius was fastened to a large stone and precipitated into the river; the soldiers and the sons of Claudius were condemned to capital punishment. But blessed Hilaria, after having buried the bodies of her sons, and whilst praying at their tomb, was arrested by the Pagans, and shortly after departed for heaven.

At Tangier, in Morocco, St. Cassian, martyr. After having been a recorder for a long time, at length, through the inspiration of heaven, he deemed it an execrable thing to contribute to the massacre of the Christians, and therefore abandoned his office, and making profession of Christianity, deserved to obtain the triumph of martyrdom.

Also, in Africa, the holy martyrs Claudius, Crispinus, Magina, John, and Stephen.

In Hungary, St. Agricola, martyr.

At Nicomedia, the Saints Ambicus, Victor and Julius.

At Milan, St. Mirocles, bishop and confessor, sometimes mentioned by St. Ambrose.

In England, St. Birinus, first bishop of Dorchester.

At Coire, in Switzerland, St. Lucius, king of the Britons, who was the first of those kings who received the faith of Christ, in the time of pope Eleutherius.

At Siena, in Tuscany, St. Galganus, hermit.

[12-04]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 49; selected notices; announcement line held for separate review
At Nicomedia, the passion of St. Barbara, virgin and martyr, in the persecution of Maximinus. After a series of sufferings, a long imprisonment, burning with torches and the cutting off of her breasts, she terminated her martyrdom by the sword.

At Constantinople, the saints Theophanes and his companions.

In Pontus, blessed Meletius, bishop and confessor, who joined to an eminent gift of knowledge the more distinguished glory of fortitude and integrity of life.

At Bologna, St. Felix, bishop, who previously had been deacon of the church of Milan, under St. Ambrose.

In England, St. Osmund, bishop and confessor.

At Cologne, St. Annan, bishop.

In Mesopotamia, St. Maruthas, bishop, who restored the churches of God that had been ruined in Persia by the persecution of king Isdegerdes. Being renowned for many miracles, he merited to be honored even by his enemies.

At Parma, St. Bernard, cardinal and bishop of that city. He belonged to the Congregation of Vallumbrosa, of the Order of St. Benedict.

[12-05]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 49; complete entry
At Mutala, in Cappadocia, St. Sabas, abbot, who was renowned in Palestine for admirable examples of sanctity. He labored courageously in defending the Catholic faith against those who attacked the holy council of Chalcedon.

At Thebesta, in Africa, during the time of Diocletian and Maximian, St. Chrispina, a woman of the highest nobility, who refused to sacrifice to idols, and was beheaded by order of the proconsul Anolinus. Her praises are often celebrated by St. Augustine.

At Thagura, in Africa, the holy martyrs Julius, Potamia, Crispinus, Felix, Gratus, and seven others.

At Nicæa, near the river Var, St. Bassus, bishop. In the persecution of Decius and Valerian, he was tortured by the governor Perennius for the faith of Christ, burned with hot plates of metal, beaten with rods and whips garnished with pieces of iron, and thrown into the fire. Having come out of it unhurt, he was transfixed with two spikes, and thus terminated an illustrious martyrdom.

At Pavia, St. Dalmatius, bishop and martyr, who suffered in the persecution of Maximian.

At Pelino, in Abruzzo, St. Pelinus, bishop of Brindisi. Under Julian the Apostate, because by his prayers he caused a temple of Mars to fall to the ground, he was most severely scourged by the idolatrous priests, and being pierced with eighty-five wounds, merited the crown of martyrdom.

Also, St. Anastasius, martyr, who, thirsting for martyrdom, voluntarily offered himself to the persecutors.

At Treves, St. Nicetius, bishop, a man of great sanctity.

At Polybotum, in Asia, St. John, bishop, surnamed Wonder-worker.

[12-06]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 49-50; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Myra, the metropolis of Lycia, the birthday of St. Nicholas, bishop and confessor, of whom it is related, among other miracles, that, while at a great distance from the emperor Constantine, he appeared to him in a vision and moved him to mercy so as to deter him from putting to death some persons who had implored his assistance.

In Africa, in the persecution of the Vandals, and under the Arian king Hunneric, the saintly women Dionysia, Dativa, Leontia, a religious man named Tertius, Æmilian, a physician, and Boniface, with three others, who were subjected to numberless most painful torments for the Catholic faith, and thus merited to rank among the confessors of Christ.

In the same country, St. Majoricus, son of St. Dionysia, who, being quite young and dreading the torments, was strengthened by the looks and words of his mother, and becoming stronger than the rest, expired in torments. His mother took him in her arms, and having buried him in her own house, was wont to pray assiduously at his sepulchre.

The same day St. Polychronius, priest, who, in the time of the emperor Constantius, was attacked by the Arians and put to death while at the altar saying Mass.

At Rome, St. Asella, virgin, who, according to the words of St. Jerome, being blessed from her mother's womb, lived to old age in fasting and prayer.

[12-07]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 50; complete entry
At Milan, the consecration of St. Ambrose, bishop and doctor of the Church, who has ennobled the universal Church by his holiness and teaching.

At Alexandria, the birthday of blessed Agatho, soldier. In the persecution of Decius, as he was preventing some people from insulting the bodies of the martyrs, a sudden outcry was raised against him by all the populace, and being brought before the judge and persisting in the confession of Christ, he was condemned to capital punishment as a reward for his humanity.

At Antioch, the holy martyrs Polycarp and Theodore.

At Tuburbum, in Africa, during the persecution of the Vandals, under the Arian king Hunneric, St. Servus, martyr, who, being for a very long time beaten with rods, lifted up on high with pulleys and suddenly dropped on flint-stones with his whole weight, and rubbed over with sharp stones, obtained the palm of martyrdom.

At Teano, in Campania, St. Urban, bishop and confessor.

At Saintes, in France, St. Martin, abbot, at whose tomb God works frequent miracles.

In the diocese of Meaux, St. Fara, virgin.

[12-09]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 50; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Toledo, in Spain, the birthday of the holy virgin Leocadia, a martyr, in the persecution of the emperor Diocletian. By Dacian, prefect of Spain, she was condemned to a cruel imprisonment, where she was pining away, when, hearing of the barbarous tortures of blessed Eulalia and the other martyrs, she knelt down to pray, and yielded up her undefiled spirit to Christ.

At Carthage, St. Restitutus, bishop and martyr, on whose feast St. Augustine delivered a discourse to the people in which he set forth his praises.

Also, in Africa, the holy martyrs Peter, Successus, Bassian, Primitivus and twenty others.

At Limoges, in France, St. Valeria, virgin and martyr.

At Verona, during the persecution of Diocletian, St. Proculus, bishop, who was buffeted, scourged with rods and driven out of the city. Being at length restored to his church, he rested in peace.

At Pavia, St. Syrus, first bishop of that city, who was renowned for miracles and virtues worthy of an apostle.

At Apamea, in Syria, blessed Julian, bishop, who was distinguished for holiness in the time of Severus.

At Perigueux, in France, the holy abbot Cyprian, a man of great sanctity.

At Nazianzus, St. Gorgonia, sister of blessed Gregory the Theologian, who has related her virtues and miracles.

[12-10]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 50-51; selected notices; announcement line held for separate review
At Rome, pope St. Melchiades, who, having suffered much in the persecution of Maximian, rested in the Lord when peace was given to the Church.

The same day, Saints Carpophorus, priest, and Abundius, deacon, who became martyrs in the persecution of Diocletian. They were first most cruelly beaten with rods, then imprisoned and denied food and drink; being racked a second time and again thrown into prison, they were finally beheaded.

At Merida, in Spain, in the time of Maximian, the martyrdom of the holy virgin Eulalia, who, at twelve years of age, suffered many torments for the confession of Christ, by order of the governor Dacian. Finally she was stretched on the rack, torn with iron hooks, had her sides burned with flaming torches, and fire being forced down her throat, she expired.

Again, in the same city, St. Julia, virgin and martyr, the companion of blessed Eulalia, who would not be separated from her when the latter went to suffer.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Mennas, Hermogenes and Eugraphus, who suffered under Galerius Maximian.

At Lentini, in Sicily, the holy martyrs Mercury and his companions, soldiers, who were beheaded under the governor Tertyllus, in the time of the emperor Licinius.

At Ancyra, in Galatia, St. Gemellus, martyr, who, after severe torments, consummated his martyrdom by being crucified, under Julian the Apostate.

At Vienne, St. Sindulphus, bishop and confessor.

At Brescia, St. Deusdedit, bishop.

[12-11]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 51; complete entry
At Rome, St. Damasus, pope and confessor, who condemned the heresiarch Apollinaris, and restored to his see Peter, bishop of Alexandria, who had been driven from it. He also discovered the bodies of many holy martyrs, and wrote verses in their honor.

Also, at Rome, St. Thrason, who was arrested by order of Maximian for devoting his wealth to the support of the Christians who labored in the baths and at other public works, or were confined in prison. He was crowned with martyrdom with two others, Pontian and Prætextatus.

At Amiens, the holy martyrs Victoricus and Fuscian, under the same emperor. By order of the governor Rictiovarus, they had iron pins driven into their ears and nostrils, heated nails into their temples, and arrows into their whole bodies. Being beheaded with St. Gentian, their host, they went to our Lord.

In Persia, St. Barsabas, martyr.

In Spain, St. Eutychius, martyr.

At Piacenza, St. Sabinus, a bishop renowned for miracles.

At Constantinople, St. Daniel the Stylite.

[12-12]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 51; complete entry
At Rome, the holy martyr Synesius, who was ordained lector in the time of the blessed pope Xystus. Having converted many to Christ, he was accused before the emperor Aurelian, and being put to the sword, received the crown of martyrdom.

At Alexandria, in the time of Decius, the holy martyrs Epimachus and Alexander, who were kept in chains a long time, and subjected to various torments; but as they persevered in the faith, they were finally consumed by fire.

In the same place, the holy women Ammonaria, virgin, Mercuria, Dionysia, and another Ammonaria. The first named, after having triumphed over unheard-of torments, in the same persecution of Decius, ended her blessed life by the sword. As to the three others, the judge being ashamed to be overcome by women, and fearing that by resorting to tortures, he would be vanquished by their constancy, he ordered them to be beheaded immediately.

The same day, the holy martyrs Hermogenes, Donatus, and twenty-two others.

At Treves, the holy martyrs Maxentius, Constantius, Crescentius, Justinus, and their companions, who suffered in the persecution of Diocletian, under the governor Rictiovarus.

[12-13]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 51-52; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Syracuse, in Sicily, the birthday of St. Lucy, virgin and martyr, in the persecution of Diocletian. By the order of the ex-consul Paschasius, she was delivered to profligates, that her chastity might be insulted; but when they attempted to lead her away, they could not succeed, either with ropes or with many yoke of oxen. Then pouring hot pitch, rosin, and boiling oil over her body without injuring her, they finally plunged a sword into her throat, and thus completed her martyrdom.

In Armenia, the martyrdom of the holy martyrs Eustratius, Auxentius, Eugene, Mardarius, and Orestes, in the persecution of Diocletian. Eustratius was first subjected alone to barbarous torments under Lysias. Then he was conducted to Sebaste, where he was tortured together with Orestes under the governor Agricolaus, and being cast into a furnace, yielded up his soul; but Orestes being laid on a bed of red-hot iron, rendered his soul to God. The others were made to endure most grievous torments among the Arabraci, under the governor Lysias, and consummated their martyrdom in different manners. Their relics were afterwards carried to Rome, and placed with due honors in the church of St. Apollinaris.

Near Sardinia, in the island of Solta, the martyrdom of St. Antiochus, under the emperor Adrian.

At Cambrai, in France, St. Aubertus, bishop and confessor.

In Ponthieu, St. Judocus, confessor.

In Alsace, St. Othilia, abbess.

[12-14]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 52; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Heron, Arsenius, Isidore and Dioscorus, a boy. In the persecution of Decius, the first three were subjected to all the refinements of cruelty by the judge, who, seeing them displaying the same constancy, ordered that they should be cast into the fire. But Dioscorus, after repeated scourgings, was set free through the intervention of Providence for the consolation of the faithful.

At Antioch, the birthday of the holy martyrs Drusus, Zosimus and Theodore.

The same day, the martyrdom of the Saints Justus and Abundius, who were cast into the flames in the time of the emperor Numerian and the governor Olybrius; but having escaped uninjured, they were struck with the sword.

At Rheims, the holy bishop Nicasius, his sister, the virgin Eutropia, and their companions, martyrs, who were put to death by barbarians hostile to the Church.

In the island of Cyprus, the birthday of blessed Spiridion, bishop. He was one of those confessors who were condemned to labor in the mines, after the plucking out of their right eye and the severing of the sinews of the left knee. This prelate was renowned for the gift of prophecy and glorious miracles, and in the council of Nicæa he confounded a heathen philosopher who insulted the Christian religion and brought him to the faith.

At Bergamo, St. Viator, bishop and confessor.

At Pavia, St. Pompey, bishop.

At Naples, in Campania, St. Agnellus, abbot. Illustrious by the gift of miracles, he was often seen with the standard of the cross delivering the city besieged by enemies.

At Milan, St. Matronian, hermit.

[12-16]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 52; complete entry
St. Eusebius, bishop of Vercelli and martyr, mentioned on the 1st of August, and also on the 15th of this month.

The young men, Ananias, Azarias and Misael, whose bodies were buried in a cavern at Babylon.

At Ravenna, the holy martyrs Valentine, military officer, Concordius, his son, Navalis, and Agricola, who suffered for Christ in the persecution of Maximian.

At Mola-di-Gaeta, in Campania, St. Albina, virgin and martyr, under the emperor Decius.

In Africa, many holy virgins, who reached a happy termination of their martyrdom in the persecution of the Vandals, under the Arian king Hunneric, by having heavy weights tied to them, and burning plates of metal applied to their bodies.

At Vienne, blessed Ado, bishop and confessor.

At Aberdeen, in Scotland, St. Beanus, bishop.

At Gaza, in Palestine, St. Irenian, bishop.

[12-17]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 52-53; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Eleutheropolis, in Palestine, the holy martyrs Florian, Calanicus and their fifty-eight companions, who were massacred by the Saracens for the faith of Christ, in the time of the emperor Heraclius.

At Marseilles, in France, blessed Lazarus, bishop, who was raised from the dead by our Lord, as we read in the Gospel.

In the monastery of Fulda, the holy abbot Sturmius, abbot and apostle of Saxony, who was ranked among the saints by Innocent II., in the second Council of Lateran.

At Bigarden, near Brussels, St. Vivina, virgin, whose eminent sanctity is attested by frequent miracles.

At Constantinople, St. Olympiades, widow.

At Andenne, at the Seven Churches, St. Begga, widow, sister of St. Gertrude.

The same day, the translation of St. Ignatius, bishop and martyr, who, the third after the blessed apostle Peter, governed the Church of Antioch. His body was conveyed from Rome, where he had suffered under Trajan, to Antioch, and deposited in the church cemetery beyond the gate of Daphnis. St. John Chrysostom, on that solemn occasion, delivered a discourse to his people. But afterwards his relics were carried back to Rome, and placed with the highest reverence in the church of St. Clement, together with the body of that blessed pope and martyr.

[12-18]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 53; complete entry
At Philippi, in Macedonia, the birthday of the holy martyrs Rufus and Zosimus, who were of the number of the disciples, by whom the primitive church was founded among the Jews and the Greeks. Their happy martyrdom is mentioned by St. Polycarp, in his epistle to the Philippians.

At Laodicea, in Syria, the martyrdom of the Saints Theotimus and Basilian.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Quinctus, Simplicius, and others, who suffered in the persecution of Decius and Valerian.

In the same country, St. Moysetes, martyr.

Also, in Africa, the holy martyrs Victurus, Victor, Victorinus, Adjutor, Quartus, and thirty others.

At Mopsuestia, in Cilicia, St. Auxentius, bishop, who, while he was a soldier under Licinius, preferred to surrender his military insignia rather than to offer grapes to Bacchus. Having been made bishop, he was renowned for merit, and rested in peace.

At Tours, St. Gratian, consecrated first bishop of that city by pope St. Fabian. Celebrated for many miracles, he calmly went to his repose in the Lord.

[12-19]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 53; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
At Alexandria, in Egypt, blessed Nemesius, martyr, who was first denounced before the judge as a robber, but on being freed from that charge, was soon after, in the persecution of Decius, accused before the judge Emilian of being a Christian. By him he was twice subjected to the torture, and condemned to be burned alive with robbers, thus bearing a resemblance to our Saviour, who was crucified with thieves.

At Nicæa, the Saints Darius, Zosimus, Paul, and Secundus, martyrs.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs Cyriacus, Paulillus, Secundus, Anastasius, Sindimius, and their companions.

In Mauritania (Barbary), St. Timothy, deacon, who, after enduring a painful imprisonment for the faith of Christ, was cast into the fire, where he consummated his martyrdom.

At Gaza, in Palestine, the martyrdom of the Saints Meuris and Thea.

At Auxerre, St. Gregory, bishop and confessor.

At Orleans, St. Adjutus, an abbot renowned for the spirit of prophecy.

At Rome, St. Fausta, mother of St. Anastasia, distinguished for noble birth and piety.

[12-20]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 53; selected notices; announcement line held for separate review
At Rome, the holy martyrs Liberatus and Bajulus.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Ammon, Zeno, Ptolemy, Ingen, and Theophilus, soldiers, who, standing near the tribunals, and seeing a Christian trembling under the torture and almost on the point of apostatizing, endeavored to encourage him by their looks and by signs, and when for this reason the whole people raised an outcry against them, they rushed forward, and declared themselves Christians. By their victory, Christ, who had given to them such fortitude, triumphed most gloriously.

At Gelduba, St. Julius, martyr.

In Arabia, the holy martyrs Eugene and Macarius, priests. For reproving Julian the Apostate for his impiety, they received a most severe scourging, were banished to a vast desert, and finally were put to the sword.

At Antioch, the birthday of St. Philogonius, bishop, who was called by the will of God from the practice of law to the government of that church. With the saintly bishop Alexander and other auxiliaries, he engaged the first combat for the Catholic faith against Arius, and, being renowned for merits, rested in the Lord. His festival was commemorated by St. John Chrysostom with an excellent panegyric.

At Brescia, St. Dominic, bishop and confessor.

In Spain, the departure from this world of St. Dominic de Sylos, abbot, of the Order of St. Benedict, most renowned for the miracles he wrought for the deliverance of captives.

[12-21]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 53-54; complete entry
At Calamina, the birthday of the blessed apostle Thomas, who preached the Gospel to the Parthians, the Medes, the Persians and Hyrcanians. Having finally penetrated into India, and instructed those nations in the Christian religion, he died transpierced with lances by order of the king. His remains were first taken to the city of Edessa and then to Ortona.

In Tuscany, the holy martyrs John and Festus.

In Lycia, St. Themistocles, martyr, who under the emperor Decius, offered himself in the place of St. Dioscorus, who was sought after to be killed, and being racked, dragged about and beaten with rods, obtained the crown of martyrdom.

At Nicomedia, during the persecution of Diocletian, St. Glycerius, a priest, who was subjected to many torments, and finally completed his martyrdom by being cast into the flames.

At Antioch, St. Anastasius, bishop and martyr, who was cruelly murdered by the Jews during the reign of Phocas.

At Treves, St. Severin, bishop and confessor.

[12-22]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 54; complete entry
At Rome, between the two bay-trees on the Lavican road, the birthday of thirty holy martyrs, who were all on one day crowned with martyrdom, in the persecution of Diocletian.

In the same city, St. Flavian, ex-prefect, who, under Julian the Apostate, was condemned to be branded for Christ, and banished to Aquae Taurinae, where he gave up his soul to God in prayer.

At Ostia, the holy martyrs Demetrius, Honoratus and Florus.

At Alexandria, the holy martyr Ischyrion. Because he despised all the cruelties they made him suffer to force him to sacrifice to idols, they transpierced his bowels with a sharp-pointed stake, and thus put him to death.

In Egypt, the Saint Chæremon, bishop of Nilopolis, and many other martyrs. Some of them fled whilst the persecution of Decius was raging, and wandering in different directions through deserts, were killed by wild beasts; others perished by famine, cold and sickness; others again were murdered by barbarians and robbers, and thus all were crowned with a glorious martyrdom.

At Nicomedia, St. Zeno, soldier, who derided Diocletian for sacrificing to Ceres, wherefore he had his jawbones fractured, his teeth plucked out and his head struck off.

[12-23]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 54; complete entry
At Rome, the holy virgin Victoria, a martyr, in the persecution of the emperor Decius. She had been promised in marriage to a pagan named Eugene, but because she refused to marry him and to offer sacrifice to idols, and because by working many miracles, she brought many virgins to the service of God, she was, at the request of her betrothed, stabbed in the heart with a sword by the executioner.

At Nicomedia, the birthday of twenty holy martyrs, whom the persecution of Diocletian made martyrs for the faith of Christ, after subjecting them to the most painful torments.

In the same place, the Saints Migdonius and Mardonius; one of whom was burned alive in the same persecution, and the other died in a pit into which he had been thrown. A deacon of St. Anthimus, bishop of Nicomedia, suffered at the same time. He was arrested by the Gentiles when carrying letters to the martyrs, and being overwhelmed with stones, went to our Lord.

In Crete, the holy martyrs Theodulus, Saturninus, Euporus, Gelasius, Eunician, Zeticus, Cleomenes, Agathopus, Gelasius, and Evaristus, who were beheaded, after suffering cruel torments, in the persecution of Decius.

At Rome, blessed Servulus, of whom St. Gregory writes, that a paralytic from his early years to the end of his life, he remained lying in a porch near St. Clement's Church, and being invited by the chant of angels, he went to enjoy the glory of Paradise. At his tomb, frequent miracles are wrought by Almighty God.

[12-24]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 54-55; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted; announcement line held for separate review
At Antioch, during the persecution of Decius, the birthday of forty holy virgins, who suffered martyrdom by various kinds of torments.

At Spoleto, the holy priest Gregory. In the time of the emperors Diocletian and Maximian, he was first beaten with rough clubs, and then after being exposed on the gridiron and imprisoned, was struck on the knees with iron carding instruments, burned on the sides with firebrands, and finally beheaded.

At Tripoli, the holy martyrs Lucian, Metrobius, Paulus, Zenobius, Theotimus, and Drusus.

At Nicomedia, during the persecution of Diocletian, St. Euthymius, martyr, who sent many before him to martyrdom, and being pierced with a sword, followed them to share their crown.

At Bordeaux, St. Delphinus, a bishop, who was renowned for holiness, in the time of Theodosius.

At Rome, the birthday of the holy virgin Tharsilla, aunt of pope St. Gregory, who writes of her that at the hour of her death she saw Jesus coming to her.

At Treves, St. Irmina, virgin, daughter of king Dagobert.

[12-26]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 55; complete entry
At Jerusalem, the birthday of St. Stephen, the first martyr, who was stoned to death by the Jews shortly after the Ascension of our Lord.

At Rome, St. Marinus, senator. In the time of the emperor Numerian and the prefect Marcian, he was arrested for the Christian religion, racked and torn with iron hooks like a slave, then thrown into a burning pan; but being delivered because the fire became like dew, he was exposed to the beasts without being injured by them, and finally being led again to the altar, the idols of which toppled over at his prayer, he was struck with the sword, and thus obtained the triumph of martyrs.

Also, at Rome, on the Appian road, the decease of pope St. Denis, who sustained many labors for the Church, and was renowned for his doctrinal writings.

In the same city, St. Zosimus, pope and confessor.

In Mesopotamia, St. Archelaus, a bishop celebrated for learning and sanctity.

At Majuma, St. Zeno, bishop.

At Rome, St. Theodore, sacristan of St. Peter's church, who is mentioned by the blessed pope Gregory.

[12-27]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, pp. 55-56; complete entry
At Ephesus, the birthday of St. John, apostle and evangelist, who, after writing his gospel, and after enduring exile and writing the divine Apocalypse, lived till the time of the emperor Trajan, and founded and governed the churches of all Asia. Worn out with age, he died in the sixty-eighth year after the passion of our Lord, and was buried near Ephesus.

At Alexandria, St. Maximus, bishop, who became a renowned and distinguished confessor of the faith.

At Constantinople, the holy confessors Theodore and Theophanes, brothers, who were brought up from their childhood in the monastery of St. Sabbas. Afterwards, combating bravely for the worship of holy images against Leo the Armenian, they were scourged by his command and banished. After his death, they again firmly opposed the emperor Theophilus, who was imbued with the same impiety, and were scourged a second time and driven into exile, where Theodore expired in prison. Theophanes, after peace had at length been restored to the Church, was made bishop of Nicæa and rested in the Lord.

In the same city, St. Niceras, virgin, who was renowned for sanctity, in the time of the emperor Arcadius.

[12-28]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 56; selected notices; deaths after 1200 omitted
In Bethlehem, of Juda, the birthday of the Holy Innocents, who were massacred for Christ by king Herod.

At Ancyra, in Galatia, the holy martyrs Eutychius, priest, and Domitian, deacon.

In Africa, the birthday of the holy martyrs Castor, Victor and Rogatian.

At Nicomedia, the holy martyrs Indes, eunuch, Domna, Agapes and Theophila, virgins, and their companions, who, after long combats, attained to the crown of martyrdom by various kinds of death during the persecution of Diocletian.

At Neocæsarea, in Pontus, St. Troadius, martyr, in the persecution of Decius. During his combat St. Gregory Thaumaturgus appeared to him in spirit, and encouraged him to undergo martyrdom.

At Arabissus, in Lower Armenia, St. Cæsarius, a martyr who suffered under Galerius Maximian.

At Rome, St. Domnion, priest.

In Egypt, St. Theodore, monk, disciple of St. Pachomius.

In the monastery of Lerins, St. Anthony, a monk renowned for miracles.

[12-29]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 56; complete entry
At Canterbury, in England, the birthday of St. Thomas, bishop and martyr, who, for the defence of justice and ecclesiastical immunities, was struck with the sword in his own basilica by a faction of impious men, and thus went to Christ.

At Jerusalem, holy David, king and prophet.

At Arles, the birthday of St. Trophimus, mentioned by St. Paul in his epistle to Timothy. Being consecrated bishop by that apostle, he was the first sent to preach the gospel of Christ in that city. From his preaching as from a fountain, according to the expression of pope St. Zosimus, all Gaul received the waters of salvation.

At Rome, the holy martyrs Callistus, Felix and Boniface.

In Africa, the holy martyrs Dominic, Victor, Primian, Lybosus, Saturninus, Crescentius, Secundus and Honoratus.

At Vienne, in France, St. Crescens, disciple of the blessed apostle Paul, and first bishop of that city.

At Constantinople, St. Marcellus, abbot.

In Normandy, St. Ebrulphus, abbot and confessor, in the time of king Childebert.

[12-30]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 56; complete entry
At Spoleto, the birthday of the holy martyrs Sabinus, bishop, Exuperantius and Marcellus, deacons; also of Venustian, governor, with his wife and sons, under the emperor Maximian. Marcellus and Exuperantius were first racked, then severely beaten with rods; afterwards being mangled with iron hooks, and burned in the sides, they terminated their martyrdom. Not long after, Venustian was put to the sword with his wife and sons. St. Sabinus, after having his hands cut off, and being a long time confined in prison, was scourged to death. The martyrdom of these saints is commemorated on the same day, although it occurred at different times.

At Alexandria, the holy martyrs Mansuetus, Severus, Appian, Donatus, Honorius, and their companions.

At Thessalonica, St. Anysia, martyr.

In the same place, St. Anysius, bishop of that city.

At Milan, St. Eugene, bishop and confessor.

At Ravenna, St. Liberius, bishop.

At Aquila, in Abruzzo, St. Rainerius, bishop.

[12-31]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), Introduction and July-December, p. 56; complete entry
At Rome, the birthday of pope St. Silvester, who baptized the emperor Constantine the Great, and confirmed the Council of Nicæa. After performing many other holy deeds, he rested in peace.

Also, at Rome, on the Salarian road, in the cemetery of Priscilla, the holy martyrs Donata, Paulina, Rustica, Nominanda, Serotina, Hilaria and their companions.

At Sens, the blessed Sabinian, bishop, and Potentian, who being sent thither by the Roman Pontiff to preach, illustrated that metropolitan church by their confession and martyrdom.

In the same place, St. Columba, virgin and martyr, who after having triumphed over fire, was beheaded, in the persecution of the emperor Aurelian.

At Retiers, St. Hermes, exorcist.

At Catania, in Sicily, the martyrdom of the Saints Stephen, Pontian, Attalus, Fabian, Cornelius, Sextus, Flos, Quinctian, Minervinus and Simplician.

The same day, St. Zoticus, Roman priest, who went to Constantinople, and took upon himself the care of orphans.

At Ravenna, St. Barbatian, priest and confessor.

The same day, St. Melania the Younger, who withdrew from Rome with her husband Pinian, and went to Jerusalem, where both embraced the religious life, she among the women consecrated to God, and he among the monks, and ended their career in peace. And in other places, many other holy martyrs, confessors, and virgins Answer: Thanks be to God.

[conclusion]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 1; common ending
And in other places, many other holy martyrs, confessors, and virgins.

[response]
# SOURCE: Roman Martyrology (1916), January-June, p. 1; common ending
Thanks be to God.
