!Habakkuk 3:2-19

O Lord, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: * O Lord, revive thy work in the midst of the years,
2. In the midst of the years make known; * in wrath remember mercy.
3. God came from Teman, and the Holy One from mount Paran: * his glory covered the heavens, and the earth was full of his praise.
4. And his brightness was as the light; * he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power.
5. Before him went the pestilence, * and burning coals went forth at his feet.
6. He stood, and measured the earth: * he beheld, and drove asunder the nations;
7. And the everlasting mountains were scattered, * the perpetual hills did bow: his ways are everlasting.
8. I saw the tents of Cushan in affliction: * and the curtains of the land of Midian did tremble.
9. Was the Lord displeased against the rivers? * was thine anger against the rivers? was thy wrath against the sea,
10. That thou didst ride upon thine horses * and thy chariots of salvation?
11. Thy bow was made quite naked, according to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word: * thou didst cleave the earth with rivers.
12. The mountains saw thee, and they trembled: * the overflowing of the water passed by: the deep uttered his voice, and lifted up his hands on high.
13. The sun and moon stood still in their habitation: * at the light of thine arrows they went, and at the shining of thy glittering spear.
14. Thou didst march through the land in indignation, * thou didst thresh the heathen in anger.
15. Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people, * even for salvation with thine anointed;
16. Thou woundedst the head out of the house of the wicked, * by discovering the foundation unto the neck.
17. Although the fig tree shall not blossom, neither shall fruit be in the vines; * the labour of the olive shall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat;
18. The flock shall be cut off from the fold, * and there shall be no herd in the stalls:
19. Yet I will rejoice in the Lord, * I will joy in the God of my salvation.
20. The Lord God is my strength, * and he will make my feet like hinds' feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places.
