Psalm 10

WHY standest thou so far off, O Lord * and hidest thy face in the needful time of trouble?
2. The ungodly for his own lust doth persecute the poor * let them be taken in the crafty wiliness that they have imagined.
3. For the ungodly hath made boast of his own heart's desire * and speaketh good of the covetous, whom God abhorreth.
4. The ungodly is so proud, that he careth not for God ; neither is God in all his thoughts.
5. His ways are alway grievous * thy judgements are far above out of his sight, and therefore defieth he all his enemies.
6. For he hath said in his heart, Tush, I shall never be cast down * there shall no harm happen unto me.
7. His mouth is full of cursing, deceit, and fraud * under his tongue is ungodliness and vanity.
8. He sitteth lurking in the thievish corners of the streets * and privily in his lurking dens doth he murder the innocent; his eyes are set against the poor.
9. For he lieth waiting secretly, even as a lion lurketh he in his den * that he may ravish the poor.
10. He doth ravish the poor * when he getteth him into his net.
11. He falleth down, and humbleth himself * that the congregation of the poor may fall into the hands of his captains.
12. He hath said in his heart, Tush, God hath forgotten * he hideth away his face, and he will never see it.
13. Arise, O Lord God, and lift up thine hand * forget not the poor.
14. Wherefore should the wicked blaspheme God * while he doth say in his heart, Tush, thou God carest not for it.
15. Surely thou hast seen it * for thou beholdest ungodliness and wrong.
16. That thou mayest take the matter into thy hand * the poor committeth himself unto thee; for thou art the helper of the friendless.
17. Break thou the power of the ungodly and malicious * take away his ungodliness, and thou shalt find none.
18. The Lord is King for ever and ever * and the heathen are perished out of the land.
19. Lord, thou hast heard the desire of the poor * thou preparest their heart, and thine ear hearkeneth thereto;
20. To help the fatherless and poor unto their right * that the man of the earth be no more exalted against them.
