Psalm 18:1-26

I WILL love thee, O Lord, my strength; the Lord is my stony rock, and my defence * my saviour, my God, and my might, in whom I will trust, my buckler, the horn also of my salvation, and my refuge.
2. I will call upon the Lord, which is worthy to be praised * so shall I be safe from mine enemies.
3. The sorrows of death compassed me * and the overflowings of ungodliness made me afraid.
4. The pains of hell came about me * the snares of death overtook me.
5. In my trouble I will call upon the Lord * and complain unto my God.
6. So shall he hear my voice out of his holy temple * and my complaint shall come before him, it shall enter even into his ears.
7. The earth trembled and quaked * the very foundations also of the hills shook, and were removed, because he was wroth.
8. There went a smoke out in his presence * and a consuming fire out of his mouth, so that coals were kindled at it.
9. He bowed the heavens also, and came down * and it was dark under his feet.
10. He rode upon the cherubins, and did fly * he came flying upon the wings of the wind.
11. He made darkness his secret place * his pavilion round about him, with dark water and thick clouds to cover him.
12. At the brightness of his presence his clouds removed * hail-stones, and coals of fire.
13. The Lord also thundered out of heaven, and the Highest gave his thunder * hail-stones, and coals of fire.
14. He sent out his arrows, and scattered them * he cast forth lightnings, and destroyed them.
15. The springs of water were seen, and the foundations of the round world were discovered, at thy chiding, O Lord * at the blasting of the breath of thy displeasure.
16. He shall send down from on high to fetch me * and shall take me out of many waters.
17. He shall deliver me from my strongest enemy, and from them which hate me * for they are too mighty for me.
18. They prevented me in the day of my trouble * but the Lord was my upholder.
19. He brought me forth also into a place of liberty * he brought me forth, even because he had a favour unto me.
20. The Lord shall reward me after my righteous dealing * according to the cleanness of my hands shall he recompense me.
21. Because I have kept the ways of the Lord * and have not forsaken my God, as the wicked doth.
22. For I have an eye unto all his laws * and will not cast out his commandments from me.
23. I was also uncorrupt before him * and eschewed mine own wickedness.
24. Therefore shall the Lord reward me after my righteous dealing * and according unto the cleanness of my hands in his eye-sight.
