Psalm 35

PLEAD thou my cause, O Lord, with them that strive with me * and fight thou against them that fight against me.
2. Lay hand upon the shield and buckler * and stand up to help me.
3. Bring forth the spear, and stop the way against them that persecute me * say unto my soul, I am thy salvation.
4. Let them be confounded and put to shame, that seek after my soul * let them be turned back and brought to confusion, that imagine mischief for me.
5. Let them be as the dust before the wind * and the angel of the Lord scattering them.
6. Let their way be dark and slippery * and let the angel of the Lord persecute them.
7. For they have privily laid their net to destroy me without a cause * yea, even without a cause have they made a pit for my soul.
8. Let a sudden destruction come upon him unawares, and his net, that he hath laid privily, catch himself * that he may fall into his own mischief.
9. And, my soul, be joyful in the Lord * it shall rejoice in his salvation.
10. All my bones shall say, Lord, who is like unto thee, who deliverest the poor from him that is too strong for him * yea, the poor, and him that is in misery, from him that spoileth him?
11. False witnesses did rise up * they laid to my charge things that I knew not.
12. They rewarded me evil for good * to the great discomfort of my soul.
13. Nevertheless, when they were sick, I put on sackcloth, and humbled my soul with fasting * and my prayer shall turn into mine own bosom.
14. I behaved myself as though it had been my friend or my brother * I went heavily, as one that mourneth for his mother.
15. But in mine adversity they rejoiced, and gathered themselves together * yea, the very abjects came together against me unawares, making mouths at me, and ceased not.
16. With the flatterers were busy mockers * who gnashed upon me with their teeth.
17. Lord, how long wilt thou look upon this * O deliver my soul from the calamities which they bring on me, and my darling from the lions.
18. So will I give thee thanks in the great congregation * I will praise thee among much people.
19. O let not them that are mine enemies triumph over me ungodly * neither let them wink with their eyes that hate me without a cause.
20. And why? their communing is not for peace; but they imagine deceitful words against them that are quiet in the land.
21. They gaped upon me with their mouths, and said * Fie on thee, fie on thee, we saw it with our eyes.
22. This thou hast seen, O Lord * hold not thy tongue then, go not far from me, O Lord.
23. Awake, and stand up to judge my quarrel * avenge thou my cause, my God, and my Lord.
24. Judge me, O Lord my God, according to thy righteousness * and let them not triumph over me.
25. Let them not say in their hearts, There, there, so would we have it * neither let them say, We have devoured him.
26. Let them be put to confusion and shame together, that rejoice at my trouble * let them be clothed with rebuke and dishonour, that boast themselves against me.
27. Let them be glad and rejoice, that favour my righteous dealing * yea, let them say alway, Blessed be the Lord, who hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
28. And as for my tongue, it shall be talking of thy righteousness * and of thy praise all the day long.
