Psalm 40

I WAITED patiently for the Lord * and he inclined unto me, and heard my calling.
2. He brought me also out of the horrible pit, out of the mire and clay * and set my feet upon the rock, and ordered my goings.
3. And he hath put a new song in my mouth * even a thanksgiving unto our God.
4. Many shall see it, and fear * and shall put their trust in the Lord.
5. Blessed is the man that hath set his hope in the Lord * and turned not unto the proud, and to such as go about with lies.
6. O Lord my God, great are the wondrous works which thou hast done, like as be also thy thoughts which are to us-ward * and yet there is no man that ordereth them unto thee:
7. If I should declare them, and speak of them * they should be more than I am able to express.
8. Sacrifice and meat-offering thou wouldest not * but mine ears hast thou opened.
9. Burnt-offerings, and sacrifice for sin, hast thou not required * then said I, Lo, I come,
10. In the volume of the book it is written of me, that I should fulfil thy will, O my God * I am content to do it; yea, thy law is within my heart.
11. I have declared thy righteousness in the great congregation * lo, I will not refrain my lips, O Lord, and that thou knowest.
12. I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart * my talk hath been of thy truth and of thy salvation.
13. I have not kept back thy loving mercy and truth * from the great congregation.
14. Withdraw not thou thy mercy from me, O Lord * let thy loving-kindness and thy truth alway preserve me.
15. For innumerable troubles are come about me; my sins have taken such hold upon me that I am not able to look up * yea, they are more in number than the hairs of my head, and my heart hath failed me.
16. O Lord, let it be thy pleasure to deliver me * make haste, O Lord, to help me.
17. Let them be ashamed and confounded together, that seek after my soul to destroy it * let them be driven backward and put to rebuke, that wish me evil.
18. Let them be desolate, and rewarded with shame * that say unto me, Fie upon thee, fie upon thee.
19. Let all those that seek thee be joyful and glad in thee * and let such as love thy salvation say alway, The Lord be praised.
20. As for me, I am poor and needy * but the Lord careth for me.
21. Thou art my helper and redeemer * make no long tarrying, O my God.
