Psalm 45

MY HEART is inditing of a good matter * I speak of the things which I have made unto the King.
2. My tongue is the pen * of a ready writer.
3. Thou art fairer than the children of men: full of grace are thy lips, because God hath blessed thee for ever.
4. Gird thee with thy sword upon thy thigh, O thou most Mighty * according to thy worship and renown.
5. Good luck have thou with thine honour * ride on, because of the word of truth , of meekness, and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.
6. Thy arrows are very sharp, and the people shall be subdued unto thee * even in the midst among the King's enemies.
7. Thy seat, O God, endureth for ever * the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre.
8. Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity * wherefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
9. All thy garments smell of myrrh, aloes, and cassia * out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.
10. Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women * upon thy right hand did stand the queen in a vesture of gold, wrought about with divers colours.
11. Hearken, O daughter, and consider, incline thine ear ; forget also thine own people, and thy father's house.
12. So shall the King have pleasure in thy beauty * for he is thy Lord God, and worship thou him.
13. And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift * like as the rich also among the people shall make their supplication before thee.
14. The King's daughter is all glorious within * her clothing is of wrought gold.
15. She shall be brought unto the King in raiment of needle-work * the virgins that be her fellows shall bear her company, and shall be brought unto thee.
16. With joy and gladness shall they be brought * and shall enter into the King's palace.
17. Instead of thy fathers thou shalt have children * whom thou mayest make princes in all lands.
18. I will remember thy Name from one generation to another * therefore shall the people give thanks unto thee, world without end.
