Psalm 68

LET God arise, and let his enemies be scattered * let them also that hate him flee before him.
2. Like as the smoke vanisheth, so shalt thou drive them away * and like as wax melteth at the fire, so let the ungodly perish at the presence of God.
3. But let the righteous be glad and rejoice before God * let them also be merry and joyful.
4. O sing unto God, and sing praises unto his Name * magnify him that rideth upon the heavens, as it were upon an horse; praise him in his Name JAH, and rejoice before him.
5. He is a father of the fatherless, and defendeth the cause of the widows * even God in his holy habitation.
6. He is the God that maketh men to be of one mind in an house, and bringeth the prisoners out of captivity * but letteth the runagates continue in scarceness.
7. O God, when thou wentest forth before the people * when thou wentest through the wilderness;
8. The earth shook, and the heavens dropped at the presence of God * even as Sinai also was moved at the presence of God, who is the God of Israel.
9. Thou, O God, sentest a gracious rain upon thine inheritance * and refreshedst it when it was weary.
10. Thy congregation shall dwell therein * for thou, O God, hast of thy goodness prepared for the poor.
11. The Lord gave the word * great was the company of the preachers.
12. Kings with their armies did flee, and were discomfited * and they of the household divided the spoil.
13. Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove * that is covered with silver wings, and her feathers like gold.
14. When the Almighty scattered kings for their sake * then were they as white as snow in Salmon.
15. As the hill of Basan, so is God's hill * even an high hill, as the hill of Basan.
16. Why hop ye so, ye high hills? this is God's hill, in the which it pleaseth him to dwell * yea, the Lord will abide in it for ever.
17. The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels * and the Lord is among them, as in the holy place of Sinai.
18. Thou art gone up on high, thou hast led captivity captive, and received gifts for men * yea, even for thine enemies, that the Lord God might dwell among them.
19. Praised be the Lord daily * even the God who helpeth us, and poureth his benefits upon us.
20. He is our God, even the God of whom cometh salvation * God is the Lord, by whom we escape death.
21. God shall wound the head of his enemies * and the hairy scalp of such a one as goeth on still in his wickedness.
22. The Lord hath said, I will bring my people again, as I did from Basan * mine own will I bring again, as I did sometime from the deep of the sea.
23. That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies * and that the tongue of thy dogs may be red through the same.
24. It is well seen, O God, how thou goest * how thou, my God and King, goest in the sanctuary.
25. The singers go before, the minstrels follow after * in the midst are the damsels playing with the timbrels.
26. Give thanks, O Israel, unto God the Lord in the congregations * from the ground of the heart.
27. There is little Benjamin their ruler, and the princes of Judah their counsel * the princes of Zabulon, and the princes of Nephthali.
28. Thy God hath sent forth strength for thee * stablish the thing, O God, that thou hast wrought in us,
29. For thy temple's sake at Jerusalem * so shall kings bring presents unto thee.
30. When the company of the spear-men, and multitude of the mighty are scattered abroad among the beasts of the people, so that they humbly bring pieces of silver * and when he hath scattered the people that delight in war;
31. Then shall the princes come out of Eqypt * the Morians' land shall soon stretch our her hands unto God.
32. Sing unto God, O ye kingdoms of the earth * O sing praises unto the Lord;
33. Who sitteth in the heavens over all from the beginning * lo, he doth send out his voice, yea, and that a mighty voice.
34. Ascribe ye the power to God over Israel * his worship and strength is in the clouds.
35. O God, wonderful art thou in thy holy places * even the God of Israel, he will give strength and power unto his people; blessed be God.
