Psalm 71

IN THEE, O Lord, have I put my trust, let me never be put to confusion * but rid me and deliver me in thy righteousness, incline thine ear unto me, and save me.
2. Be thou my strong hold, whereunto I may alway resort * thou hast promised to help me, for thou art my house of defence and my castle.
3. Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the ungodly * out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man.
4. For thou, O Lord God, art the thing that I long for * thou art my hope, even from my youth.
5. Through thee have I been holden up ever since I was born * thou art he that took me out of my mother's womb; my praise shall be always of thee.
6. I am become as it were a monster unto many * but my sure trust is in thee.
7. O let my mouth be filled with thy praise * that I may sing of thy glory and honour all the day long.
8. Cast me not away in the time of age * forsake me not when my strength faileth me.
9. For mine enemies speak against me, and they that lay wait for my soul take their counsel together, saying * God hath forsaken him; persecute him, and take him, for there is none to deliver him.
10. Go not far from me, O God * my God, haste thee to help me.
11. Let them be confounded and perish that are against my soul * let them be covered with shame and dishonour that seek to do me evil.
12. As for me, I will patiently abide alway * and will praise thee more and more.
13. My mouth shall daily speak of thy righteousness and salvation * for I know no end thereof.
14. I will go forth in the strength of the Lord God * and will make mention of thy righteousness only.
15. Thou, O God, hast taught me from my youth up until now * therefore will I tell of thy wondrous works.
16. Forsake me not, O God, in mine old age, when I am gray-headed * until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to all them that are yet for to come.
17. Thy righteousness, O God, is very high * and great things are they that thou hast done; O God, who is like unto thee?
18. O what great troubles and adversities hast thou shewed me, and yet didst thou turn and refresh me * yea, and broughtest me from the deep of the earth again.
19. Thou hast brought me to great honour * and comforted me on every side.
20. Therefore will I praise thee and thy faithfulness, O God, playing upon an instrument of musick * unto thee will I sing upon the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel.
21. My lips will be fain when I sing unto thee * and so will my soul whom thou hast delivered.
22. My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long * for they are confounded and brought unto shame that seek to do me evil.
