Psalm 72

GIVE the King thy judgements, O God * and thy righteousness unto the King's son.
2. Then shall he judge thy people according unto right * and defend the poor.
3. The mountains also shall bring peace * and the little hills righteousness unto the people.
4. He shall keep the simple folk by their right * defend the children of the poor, and punish the wrong-doer.
5. They shall fear thee, as long as the sun and moon endureth * from one generation to another.
6. He shall come down like the rain into a fleece of wool * even as the drops that water the earth.
7. In his time shall the righteous flourish * yea, and abundance of peace, so long as the moon endureth.
8. His dominion shall be also from the one sea to the other * and from the flood unto the world's end.
9. They that dwell in the wilderness shall kneel before him * his enemies shall lick the dust.
10. The kings of Tharsis and of the isles shall give presents * the kings of Arabia and Saba shall bring gifts.
11. All kings shall fall down before him * all nations shall do him service.
12. For he shall deliver the poor when he crieth * the needy also, and him that hath no helper.
13. He shall be favourable to the simple and needy * and shall preserve the souls of the poor.
14. He shall deliver their souls from falsehood and wrong * and dear shall their blood be in his sight.
15. He shall live, and unto him shall be given of the gold of Arabia * prayer shall be made ever unto him, and daily shall he be praised.
16. There shall be an heap of corn in the earth, high upon the hills * his fruit shall shake like Libanus, and shall be green in the city like grass upon the earth.
17. His Name shall endure for ever; his Name shall remain under the sun among the posterities * which shall be blessed through him; and all the heathen shall praise him.
18. Blessed be the Lord God, even the God of Israel * which only doeth wondrous things;
19. And blessed be the Name of his majesty for ever * and all the earth shall be filled with his majesty. Amen, Amen.
